=== Page 1 ===
Resource
Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch
for remote spatiotemporal control of gene
expression
Graphical abstract
Highlights
• EMF-inducible gene switch (Ei) for precise spatiotemporal
gene expression control
• Cyb5b mediates EMF-specific calcium oscillations for gene
switch activation
• Ei gene switch enables in vivo rejuvenation by reversing
aging phenotypes
• Ei system models Alzheimer’s disease and restores
serotonergic function in vivo
Authors
Junyeop Kim, Yerim Hwang,
Sumin Kim, ..., Youngeun Kwon,
Jung-Suk Sung, Jongpil Kim
Correspondence
jpkim153@dongguk.edu
In brief
The EMF-inducible gene switch (Ei)
platform provides precise spatiotemporal
control of gene expression through
Cyb5b-mediated calcium oscillations.
This system enables Ei-OSK-driven
in vivo rejuvenation reprogramming, Ei-
mutant APP expression in the context of
Alzheimer’s disease, and behavioral
rescue in depression through Ei-Tph2-
mediated neuromodulation.
Kim et al., 2026, Cell 189, 1–16
May 28, 2026 © 2026 Elsevier Inc. All rights are reserved, including those for
text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
ll


=== Page 2 ===
Resource
Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo 
gene switch for remote spatiotemporal 
control of gene expression
Junyeop Kim,1,6 Yerim Hwang,1,6 Sumin Kim,1 Daeyeol Kwon,1 Jeonghyun Park,1 Byounggook Cho,1 Saemin An,1
Soi Kang,1 Yunkyung Kim,1 Seonghun Kim,1 Christopher J. Lengner,2 Soochan Kim,3 Youngeun Kwon,4 Jung-Suk Sung,5
and Jongpil Kim1,7,*
1Institute for Stem Cells and Regenerative Medicine (ISR), Department of Chemistry, Dongguk University, Seoul 04620, Republic of Korea
2Department of Biomedical Sciences, School of Veterinary Medicine and Institute for Regenerative Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, 
Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA
3School of Electronic and Electrical Engineering, Institute of IT Convergence, Hankyong National University, Anseong, Republic of Korea
4Department of Biomedical Engineering, Dongguk University, Ilsan 10326, Republic of Korea
5Department of Life Science, Dongguk University, Seoul 10326, Gyeonggi-do, Republic of Korea
6These authors contributed equally 
7Lead contact 
*Correspondence: jpkim153@dongguk.edu
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
SUMMARY
Gaining precise control of gene expression is crucial in biomedical applications. However, spatiotemporal 
precision remains challenging. Here, we present a remotely controlled in vivo gene switch responsive to elec­
tromagnetic fields (EMFs) that enables precise spatiotemporal activation of target genes. We uncovered the 
EMF-inducible gene switch activation mechanism via a CRISPR-Cas9 screen, identifying cytochrome b5 type 
B (Cyb5b) as an essential mediator likely acting as an EMF sensor. The EMF-inducible gene switch was acti­
vated by rhythmic oscillatory calcium dynamics rather than generic calcium influx, defining a precisely tuned 
and bio-orthogonal induction mechanism. Functionally, EMF activation of the Oct4-Sox2-Klf4 (OSK) cassette 
induced in vivo partial reprogramming in aged mice, conditional expression of human mutant amyloid precur­
sor protein (APP) for Alzheimer’s disease (AD) modeling recapitulated pathological features, and EMF- 
mediated Tph2 expression restored serotonergic activity and ameliorated depressive-like behaviors in 
Tph2-mutant depression mice. Overall, a remotely controlled EMF-inducible gene switch represents a versa­
tile and effective biomedical platform.
INTRODUCTION
Regulatory elements in DNA that control the expression of genes 
can be co-opted to generate ‘‘gene switches’’ that hold immense 
potential for both research and therapeutic applications. One 
such type of gene switch, the ‘‘inducible promoter,’’ can be acti­
vated or deactivated by the presence or absence of specific mol­
ecules or environmental cues.1–3 The potential applications of 
gene switches in vivo are vast, particularly in cell and gene ther­
apy, as well as other transgenesis applications. Recently, several 
types of inducible gene switches have been developed to enable 
remote control of in vivo gene expression using various stimuli 
such as drugs, light, heat, ultrasound, and electrical signals. 
For instance, tetracycline-responsive systems enable dose- 
dependent gene regulation and have been extensively utilized 
across diverse biological research.4 Moreover, optogenetic plat­
forms use light-responsive proteins to precisely control cellular 
processes, such as channelrhodopsin-mediated regulation of 
neuronal activity.5,6 Similarly, gene switches are responsive to 
heat, ultrasound, or electricity, leveraging transducers like heat 
shock protein 70B (HSP70B), Piezo1, or nuclear factor of acti­
vated T cells (NFAT) promoters to enable precise in vivo regula­
tion for both targeted therapeutics and spatiotemporal studies of 
gene function.7–11 However, current approaches often do not 
provide precise control over the timing and duration of transgene 
expression, as they often rely on constitutive promoters or induc­
ible systems that require external stimuli, such as pharmacolog­
ical agents or light. Moreover, pharmacological agents have 
off-target effects (or undesirable effects on their endogenous tar­
gets), and stimuli such as light are limited in their ability to pene­
trate target tissues.
Electromagnetic fields (EMFs) are a form of physical energy 
that describe the interactions between electrically charged par­
ticles.12 Previously, we and others have shown that exposure to 
precisely defined extremely low-frequency EMFs (EL-EMF) 
modulates the expression of specific genes involved in 
ll
Cell 189, 1–16, May 28, 2026 © 2026 Elsevier Inc. 
1 
All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029


=== Page 3 ===
stress response, epigenetic remodeling, and cellular signaling 
pathways in certain cell types with functional outputs ranging 
from enhanced proliferation, differentiation, cell migration, and 
epigenetic reprogramming.12–15 Particularly, EL-EMF with direct 
current (DC) pulsed sine square waveform can effectively pene­
trate target tissues or areas of the body.16 Thus, EMF has several 
advantages as a control for gene switches, including non- 
invasiveness, precise targeting, and reversibility for in vivo 
application.
In this study, we developed a robust, EMF-responsive gene 
switch utilizing the leucine-rich repeat-containing G protein- 
coupled receptor 4 (Lgr4) promoter, which exhibits rapid and 
reversible activation. Particularly, through a genome-wide 
CRISPR-Cas9 screen, we identified cytochrome b5 type B 
(Cyb5b) as a likely EMF sensor, defining the molecular link be­
tween electromagnetic inputs and gene regulation. Notably, 
EMF stimulation triggers distinct, rhythmic Ca2+ oscillations, 
enabling a highly selective and bio-orthogonal mode of gene 
regulation that provides a non-invasive framework for genetic 
activation. Next, we explored its application in promoting in vivo 
partial reprogramming. While current approaches utilizing short- 
term Oct4, Sox2, Klf4, and c-Myc (OSKM) expression show 
promise in reversing aging, they often risk teratogenesis and hy­
perplasia due to imprecise regulation.17–19 Our EMF-inducible 
system overcomes these limitations by enabling precise spatio­
temporal control of cyclic Oct4-Sox2-Klf4 (OSK) expression. 
Second, we established a distinct Alzheimer’s disease (AD) 
model that decouples the effects of brain aging from pathogenic 
Aβ deposition—a long-standing challenge in traditional models. 
By accurately recapitulating human-like Aβ accumulation during 
aging, our model provides a superior framework for studying AD 
pathogenesis. Finally, we utilized the system to restore Tph2 
expression in serotonin (5-HT)-deficient R439H Tph2 knockin 
(KI) depression mice. By aligning 5-HT synthesis with circadian 
cycles through rhythmic activation, our platform achieved 
behavioral recovery, demonstrating its potential for finely tuned, 
bio-orthogonal neuromodulation. Collectively, these applica­
tions highlight the transformative potential of the EMF-inducible 
gene switch for precise and non-invasive therapeutic interven­
tions across diverse biomedical contexts.
RESULTS
Development of an EMF-inducible gene switch
To develop an EMF-responsive gene switch, we initially sought to 
find out genes that could be efficiently stimulated by EMF in the 
brain. We established an EMF system using a pair of Helmholtz 
coils (Data S1.1), capable of delivering a magnetic flux density 
of 0.0–10.0 mT over a 0–200 Hz frequency range. We designed 
the EMF system to generate unipolar pulsed fields where each 
16.67 ms cycle (e.g., 60 Hz) consists of a 5 ms active burst of 
20 consecutive single pulses, followed by a 11.67 ms resting inter­
val (Figure S1A). Characterized by a pulsed sine square wave, the 
EMF uniformity was determined to be approximately 99% within 
the central region between the coils, ensuring consistent expo­
sure (Data S1.1). We performed single-cell RNA sequencing 
(scRNA-seq) to analyze transcriptional changes in the mouse 
brain after exposure to EMF (2.0 mT and 60 Hz) for 48 h. We iden­
tified a diverse range of cell types, including astrocytes, oligoden­
drocytes, microglia, and neuroblasts (Figures S1B and S1C). We 
found 15 upregulated genes that were classified as being posi­
tively responsive to external stimuli related to signaling following 
EMF exposure (Figure S1D). We found that the proportion of 
Lgr4+ cells significantly increased across all identified cell types, 
as well as relative to the total cell population, in the EMF-exposed 
brain (Figures S1E and S1F).
Furthermore, we found that Lgr4 expression was exclusively 
upregulated following exposure in the 2.0 mT and 60 Hz of 
EMF (Figure 1A). However, we observed only minor changes in 
the other gene expression in these cells as a function of EMF 
exposure (Data S1.2). Importantly, we observed robust temporal 
control of Lgr4 expression in response to EMF exposure and 
withdrawal, with the return of transcript levels to baseline within 
24 h after the cessation of 48-h EMF stimulation (Figures 1B–1D). 
To complement these findings, we performed bulk transcrip­
tomic analysis on liver and kidney tissues (Data S1.3). Although 
several genes associated with stimulus response were identi­
fied, none exhibited consistent temporal response upon EMF 
exposure (Data S1.4). While Lgr4 induction was likely masked 
in bulk RNA sequencing (RNA-seq) by cellular heterogeneity in 
this analysis, we further confirmed its EMF-dependent expres­
sion across diverse tissues and cell types, including the brain, 
heart, liver, spleen, kidney, and skin (Figures 1E and 1F). Given 
the rapid and reversible induction of Lgr4 by EMF, we screened 
various Lgr4 promoter regions using luciferase reporter assays 
(Figures 1G and S1G). We identified a 450-bp upstream 
sequence—designated the EMF-inducible DNA element (Ei)— 
which exhibited maximal induction under optimized EMF condi­
tions (2.0 mT, 60 Hz) with negligible background activity 
(Figures 1H, 1I, S1H, and S1I). This robust temporal response 
was further validated across various cell types, including fibro­
blasts, NIH/3T3 cells, neurons, astrocytes, and cardiomyocytes 
(Figure S1J). To assess the specificity and efficiency of the Ei 
gene switch, we employed an Ei-Cre system in mouse fibro­
blasts carrying a Cre-dependent luciferase reporter at the 
Rosa26 locus (Figure S1K). EMF exposure triggered luciferase 
induction within 12 h, peaking at 48 h and remaining robust 
through 72 h (Figures S1L and S1M). Luminescence remained 
negligible in the absence of EMF, indicating minimal basal 
leakage of the Ei gene switch (Figure S1N). Moreover, to achieve 
faster and more temporally precise EMF-inducible gene activa­
tion, we engineered a second-generation Ei (sEi) by fusing a 
cytomegalovirus (CMV) enhancer upstream of the Ei element 
on the luciferase construct (Figure 1J). In transfected fibroblasts, 
the sEi construct exhibited robust luciferase activation within 
only 2 h of EMF exposure, with progressive increases through 
10 h, while controls remained unresponsive (Figure 1K). This 
enhanced temporal resolution enables rapid, sensitive, and pro­
grammable gene control, significantly advancing the utility of Ei 
gene switch systems.
Next, we examined whether EMF-induced Lgr4 expression 
activates its canonical downstream effectors, such as Wnt/ 
β-catenin or Notch-Hes1. Western blot analysis showed no sig­
nificant changes in these pathways across the brain, liver, and 
kidney (Figures S2A and S2B). Furthermore, the expression of 
oncogenic markers remained unaltered in the liver and kidney 
ll
2 
Cell 189, 1–16, May 28, 2026 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 4 ===
(Figure S2C), demonstrating that Lgr4 induction alone is insuffi­
cient to initiate tumorigenic transcriptional programs under these 
conditions. Since Lgr4 signaling is strictly dependent on 
R-spondin (RSPO) ligands—which potentiate Wnt/β-catenin 
signaling but are typically scarce in adult tissues20–22—we sup­
plemented the cultures with exogenous RSPO1 or RSPO3 to 
evaluate downstream signaling responses following EMF- 
induced Lgr4 expression. Notably, the expression of Lgr4 target 
Figure 1. Establishment of an EMF-responsive gene switch 
(A) Quantitative real-time PCR (real-time qPCR) screening of candidate genes in fibroblasts (n = 3). 
(B) Real-time qPCR of candidate genes in fibroblasts under EMF ON (0–48 h) and OFF (48–72 h) conditions (n = 3). 
(C) Immunofluorescence (IF) of Lgr4 (green) in fibroblasts under EMF-ON (48 h) and OFF (72 h) conditions. 
(D) Quantification of Lgr4 IF intensity (EMF ON/OFF) (n = 3). 
(E) Real-time qPCR of candidate genes across multiple mouse tissues after 3 days of EMF exposure (n = 3). 
(F) Lgr4 expression in mouse tissues across EMF ranges (0–10 mT; 0–200 Hz) (n = 3). 
(G) Schematic of the Lgr4 promoter element. 
(H) Luciferase activity of various Lgr4 promoter constructs in fibroblasts (n = 3). 
(I) Luciferase activity of the Ei construct under varying EMF intensities and frequencies (n = 3). 
(J) Schematic of the sEi construct. 
(K) Luciferase activity of the sEi constructs compared with the Ei element in fibroblasts under EMF (n = 10). All quantified data represent mean ± SEM. Statistical 
significance was determined by one-way (D) or two-way (A, B, E, F, H, I, and K) ANOVA. 
See also Figures S1 and S2 and Data S1.
ll
Cell 189, 1–16, May 28, 2026 
3 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 5 ===
genes, such as Wnt3, Axin2, and glycogen synthase kinase-3β 
(GSK-3β), was significantly elevated only under EMF conditions 
with RSPO supplementations (Figures S2D–S2G). Furthermore, 
Wnt/β-catenin signaling was activated only when RSPO1 or 
RSPO3 was added exogenously at high concentrations (50 ng/ 
mL), while physiological levels (0.05 ng/mL) failed to induce 
Wnt/β-catenin activation, even in EMF-exposed cells with robust 
Lgr4 expression (Figures S2H and S2I). Consistently, we also 
found no changes in stress-related signaling pathways, including 
extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK), p38, and JUN N-ter­
minal kinase (JNK), following EMF exposure (Figure S2J). Collec­
tively, these data demonstrate that EMF-induced Lgr4 activation 
is self-limiting and strictly RSPO-dependent, thereby preventing 
aberrant signaling under physiological conditions. In addition, to 
assess long-term safety, wild-type mice were exposed to our 
EMF condition continuously for 6 months. Systematic phenotyp­
ing revealed no adverse effects on neurological, renal, or hepatic 
functions, with hematological and metabolic profiles remaining 
indistinguishable from controls (Data S1.5). Multi-organ tran­
scriptomic profiling via bulk RNA-seq further confirmed this sta­
bility, and hierarchical clustering and principal-component anal­
ysis (PCA) showed substantial overlap between groups, with 
differentially expressed genes falling within baseline biological 
variability (Data S1.6). Moreover, no induction of stress-respon­
sive or electromagnetic hypersensitivity markers was observed, 
establishing the robust in vivo biocompatibility of prolonged EMF 
exposure (Data S1.6 and S1.7).
In vivo evaluation of an EMF-inducible gene switch
We next co-opted the Ei element from the Lgr4 promoter to 
create an Ei gene switch for in vivo applications. We prepared 
a green fluorescent protein (GFP) reporter under the control of 
the Ei element (Figure 2A). Consistent with previous results, 
EMF exposure significantly increased GFP expression in fibro­
blasts, which rapidly returned to background levels upon EMF 
withdrawal (Figures 2B–2F). To assess the in vivo potential of 
EMF-inducible gene expression, we generated transgenic mice 
with this construct (Ei-GFP mice) and exposed them to EMF. Af­
ter 3 days of EMF exposure, these mice expressed GFP 
throughout their bodies, which was fully abrogated upon cessa­
tion of EMF exposure (Figures 2G and S3A). We further 
confirmed GFP induction in the kidney, spleen, skin, and liver 
of Ei-GFP mice, along with a strong reduction 3 days after 
EMF cessation (Figures 2H, S3B, and S3C). Notably, we 
observed highly synchronous and uniform GFP induction across 
cell populations in multiple deep tissues upon EMF exposure 
(Figures 2I and S3D).
To improve spatial accuracy, we localized EMF exposure to 
the cranial, thoracic, abdominal, and pelvic regions using a mini­
aturized EMF generator (Figures 2J and S3E). We observed 
robust GFP expression predominantly within targeted organs— 
including the brain, heart, kidney, and muscle—while surround­
ing tissues (e.g., ear skin, aorta, and small/large intestine) 
exhibited negligible induction (Figures 2K, S3F, and S3G). To 
assess cell-type-specific control in vivo, we injected an Ei-driven 
double-floxed inverse orientation (DIO)-GFP reporter (Ei-DIO- 
GFP) into Dat-Cre and Gfap-Cre mice (Figure S3H). In these 
mice, the reporter was expressed specifically in Th+ dopamine 
neurons or Gfap+ astrocytes after 3 days of EMF exposure 
(Figures 2L and 2M). Furthermore, we evaluated the Ei gene 
switch system in human cells. Consistent with mouse data, 
EMF induced robust, reversible GFP expression in Ei-GFP-trans­
duced human fibroblasts, human neural stem cells (hNSCs), and 
293T cells, returning to baseline after withdrawal (Figures S3I– 
S3L). These results confirm that the Ei gene switch enables pre­
cise temporal and spatial regulation of transgene expression in 
both mouse and human cells.
Mechanisms underlying EMF-induced gene switch 
activation
To elucidate the mechanism underlying Ei gene switch activa­
tion, we performed a genome-wide CRISPR-Cas9 knockout 
screen in Ei-GFP reporter fibroblasts. Briefly, we first isolated 
the EMF-responsive (Ei-GFP⁺) cell population using fluores­
cence-activated cell sorting (FACS) following EMF exposure. 
This enriched population was subsequently transduced with a 
genome-scale lentiviral pooled single guide RNA (sgRNA) library 
(targeting 20,611 genes with 6 guides per gene23,24) and sub­
jected to EMF exposure, followed by segregation into responsive 
(GFP⁺) and non-responsive (GFP⁻) fractions (Figure 3A). Genomic 
DNA was extracted from each fraction, and sgRNA abundance 
was quantified by targeted deep sequencing to reveal genomic 
targets whose disruption affects EMF responsiveness.
Comparative analysis of sgRNA abundance revealed specific 
guides enriched in the GFP⁻ compared with the GFP+ fraction 
(Figures 3B and S4A), indicating that their disruption leads to 
loss of EMF responsiveness. Notably, several genes were 
consistently targeted by multiple independent sgRNAs within 
the GFP⁻ population (Figures 3C and S4B). Among these, 
Cyb5b, a membrane-bound electron carrier, emerged as the pri­
mary hit with the most significant association with reduced re­
porter activity under EMF exposure. To rigorously evaluate 
gene-level significance, we employed the robust rank aggrega­
tion (RRA) algorithm, which identifies significant genes by de­
tecting non-random enrichment of independent sgRNAs at 
the top of the ranked list.25 This analysis identified 20 genes 
with statistically significant enrichment in the GFP⁻ population 
(Table S1). Consistently, Cyb5b emerged as a top candidate, 
confirming that the collective enrichment of its sgRNAs is statis­
tically robust despite individual variations. To validate these find­
ings, we individually generated sgRNAs targeting the top 20 can­
didates from the CRISPR-Cas9 screen, along with selected 
stimuli-responsive genes, and characterized their respective im­
pacts on EMF-dependent GFP induction. Strikingly, among all 
candidates tested, only the knockout of Cyb5b robustly sup­
pressed EMF-driven GFP expression (Figure 3D; Data S1.8). 
We further confirmed that Cyb5b deficiency completely 
abolished both Ei-GFP and Ei-luciferase reporter activation, 
whereas reintroduction of Cyb5b fully restored EMF sensitivity 
(Figures 3E, S4C, and S4D). Taken together, these findings indi­
cate that Cyb5b is required for activation of the Ei gene switch, 
potentially acting as an EMF sensor.
Given that EMF exposure is known to induce Ca2+ influx,26–28
we addressed bio-orthogonality concerns by comparing the 
Ca2+ influx dynamics elicited by EMF with those triggered by es­
tablished activators, such as calcium ionophores and other 
ll
4 
Cell 189, 1–16, May 28, 2026 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 6 ===
Figure 2. Validation of EMF-inducible gene switch in vivo 
(A) Ei gene switch system schematic. 
(B–D) Western blot analysis and quantification of GFP in Ei-GFP-transduced fibroblasts after EMF ON and subsequent OFF conditions (n = 3). 
(E and F) FACS analysis of Ei-GFP⁺ fibroblasts after 7 days of EMF-ON (E) and subsequent 5 days of EMF-OFF (F) (n = 6). 
(G) Ei-GFP mice (UV vs. daylight). 
(H) H&E and GFP IF of kidney, spleen, skin, and liver sections from Ei-GFP mice after EMF ON and subsequent OFF conditions. 
(I) GFP western blot from Ei-GFP mice after EMF ON and subsequent OFF conditions. 
(J) Miniaturized EMF exposure schematic. 
(K) GFP western blot of tissues following site-specific EMF exposure. 
(L) GFP and Th IF in the midbrain of Dat-Cre mice transduced with Ei-DIO (double-floxed inverted orientation)-GFP after EMF ON and subsequent OFF conditions 
(n = 5). 
(M) GFP and Gfap IF in the cortex of Gfap-Cre mice transduced with Ei-DIO-GFP after EMF ON and subsequent OFF conditions (n = 5). All quantified data 
represent mean ± SEM. Statistical significance was determined by one-way (C–F, L, and M) or two-way (B) ANOVA. 
See also Figure S3.
ll
Cell 189, 1–16, May 28, 2026 
5 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 7 ===
(legend on next page)
ll
6 
Cell 189, 1–16, May 28, 2026 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 8 ===
physical stimuli (Figures S4E and S4F). Time-lapse live-cell cal­
cium imaging revealed that EMF exposure uniquely elicits rhyth­
mic, sustained Ca2+ oscillations within the cytoplasm (Figures 
3F, 3G, and S4G; Video S1). By contrast, all non-EMF stimuli we 
tested—including pharmacological inducers of Ca2+ influx—eli­
cited either transient or sustained, but non-oscillatory, increases 
in intracellular Ca2+. Only the specific oscillatory Ca2+ signature 
induced by EMF was able to trigger Lgr4 expression and Ei-lucif­
erase activation (Figures S4H and S4I). These rhythmic Ca2+ oscil­
lations were abolished in Cyb5b-deficient cells but restored upon 
Cyb5b overexpression (Figure 3H). Together, these findings indi­
cate that the Ei gene switch responds specifically to the oscillatory 
Ca2+ dynamics characteristic of EMF, not to general Ca2+ influx, 
underscoring its bio-orthogonal and precisely tuned activation 
mechanism. Moreover, inhibition of L-type voltage-gated calcium 
channels (VGCCs), specifically Cacna1f, significantly suppressed 
EMF-induced Lgr4 expression (Figure 3I). Consistently, Cacna1f 
knockdown disrupted rhythmic Ca2+ oscillations (Figure S4J), 
indicating that VGCC-mediated Ca2⁺ influx is essential for Ei- 
driven activation.
To further delineate the downstream transcriptional effectors, 
we performed an in silico analysis of the Ei element, revealing 
multiple predicted transcription factor binding motifs, including 
Sp7, Ctcf, and Tp53 (Tables S2 and S3). Gene Ontology analysis 
further linked these factors predominantly to calcium signaling 
and mechanical response pathways (Figures S4K and S4L). To 
characterize these transcriptional regulations of the Ei element, 
we performed DNA pulldown assays using the Ei element and 
identified Sp7 as a major EMF-responsive binding protein 
(Figure S4M). Sp7 inhibition reduced Lgr4 expression and 
EMF-induced luciferase activity in fibroblasts (Figures 3J, S4N, 
and S4O). Moreover, chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP)- 
PCR assays revealed that the enrichment of Sp7 occupancy at 
the Ei element was significantly increased upon EMF exposure, 
indicating that Sp7 binds to the Ei element (Figures 3K and 3L). 
Notably, this occupancy returned to baseline levels following 
EMF withdrawal, demonstrating that this binding is reversible 
(Figure 3M). Furthermore, Sp7 induction was exclusive to EMF- 
responsive Ei-GFP⁺ cells across multiple tissues (Figure S4P). 
We further demonstrated that Cyb5b knockout abolished EMF- 
induced Lgr4 and Sp7 expression, which was fully restored by 
Cyb5b reintroduction (Figures 3N and 3O). In addition, treatment 
with RSPO1, a key ligand for Lgr4-mediated signaling,20 or bone 
morphogenetic protein 2 (BMP2), a canonical inducer of Sp7,29
failed to activate Ei-mediated GFP expression (Figures S4Q 
and S4R), suggesting that Ei element activation is uniquely spe­
cific to EMF exposure, independent of canonical RSPO1 or 
BMP2 signaling. Moreover, the discrepancy between the initial 
CRISPR-Cas9 screen and targeted Ei-binding protein assays 
regarding Sp7 and Cacna1f suggests functional redundancy in 
mediating Ei activation, where compensatory effectors likely 
masked the individual contributions of these factors in the 
pooled genomic context. Collectively, these findings demon­
strate that EMF activates the Ei gene switch via Cyb5b-depen­
dent Ca2+ influx, which promotes Sp7 binding to the Ei element 
and enables bio-orthogonal, precise, and reversible Ei control.
In vivo partial reprogramming by EMF-inducible gene 
switch
To evaluate the in vivo applicability of the Ei gene switch, we en­
gineered an EMF-responsive system by placing the OSK factors 
under the control of the Ei element, thereby leveraging the tempo­
ral precision of EMF to achieve stringently regulated in vivo partial 
reprogramming. First, GFP expression across multiple organs 
following lentiviral transduction validated the widespread sys­
temic delivery of the Ei-GFP system (Data S1.9). We also further 
confirmed the temporal induction of OSK in multiple tissues in 
response to EMF exposure (Figures 4A–4C, 4F, and S5A). In 
particular, the relative increase in Klf4 showed variability depend­
ing on the basal expression levels of each specific tissue 
(Figure S5A). Next, to establish an optimized in vivo partial re­
programming protocol, Ei-OSK-transduced mice were subjected 
to various EMF exposure regimens, consisting of 1–6 consecu­
tive days followed by corresponding withdrawal periods to 
assess OSK expression (Figure S5B). Notably, we found that 
EMF exposure for 4 or more consecutive days, even within a sin­
gle cycle, markedly increased mortality and caused significant 
weight loss. By contrast, regimens of 3 days or less, repeated 
for up to two cycles, were well tolerated with no adverse effects 
(Figures S5C and S5D). Based on these findings, we 
Figure 3. Cyb5b-dependent mechanism of EMF-inducible gene switch activation 
(A) Schematic of pooled CRISPR-Cas9 screening in Ei-GFP fibroblasts. 
(B) Scatterplot of Ei-GFP⁺ vs. Ei-GFP⁻ sgRNA fractions (normalized log₂ read counts). 
(C) Manhattan plot showing gene-level positive selection (MAGeCK p values) for targets enriched in GFP⁻ cells. The dashed line indicates p = 0.05. 
(D) GFP western blot in Ei-GFP fibroblasts following candidate gene knockout (KO, top) and rescue (overexpression [OE], bottom) under EMF exposure. 
(E) Representative GFP IF in WT, Cyb5b KO, and Cyb5b KO fibroblasts rescued with Cyb5b OE under EMF ON and subsequent OFF conditions. 
(F) Representative images of intracellular Ca2+ dynamics in fibroblasts under control, EMF, and ionophore conditions over time. 
(G) Real-time Ca2⁺ traces showing oscillatory influx under EMF. 
(H) Ca2⁺ dynamics in WT, Cyb5b KO, and Cyb5b KO fibroblasts rescued with Cyb5b OE under EMF exposure conditions. 
(I) Western blot and quantification of Lgr4 in fibroblasts following short hairpin RNA (shRNA)-mediated knockdown of various VGCC subtypes under EMF 
exposure (n = 3). 
(J) Ei-luciferase activity in fibroblasts treated with shControl or shSp7 under EMF ON and subsequent OFF conditions (n = 3). 
(K) ChIP-PCR analysis of Sp7 and Lrrfip1 recruitment to the Ei element. 
(L) ChIP-qPCR analysis of Sp7 binding across the Lgr4 promoter regions (regions 1–5) under control and EMF ON conditions (n = 3). 
(M) ChIP-qPCR analysis of Sp7 binding at the Ei element (region 5) under EMF ON and subsequent OFF conditions (n = 3). 
(N) Western blot of Cyb5b, Lgr4, and Sp7 in WT and Cyb5b KO fibroblasts. 
(O) Western blot of Cyb5b, Lgr4, and Sp7 in Cyb5b KO fibroblasts and Cyb5b KO fibroblasts rescued with Cyb5b OE. All quantified data represent mean ± SEM. 
Statistical significance was determined by one-way (I) or two-way (J, L, and M) ANOVA. 
See also Figure S4, Data S1, Video S1, and Tables S1–S3.
ll
Cell 189, 1–16, May 28, 2026 
7 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 9 ===
Figure 4. In vivo partial reprogramming by EMF-inducible OSK gene switch 
(A) Oct4 western blot in liver from mice transduced with lentiviral Ei-OSK during EMF exposure. 
(B) Oct4 western blot in liver from Ei-OSK-transduced mice following EMF withdrawal. 
(legend continued on next page) 
ll
8 
Cell 189, 1–16, May 28, 2026 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 10 ===
implemented a cyclic regimen consisting of 3 days of EMF expo­
sure followed by a 4-day EMF withdrawal period (3 days ON/4 
days OFF) to safely induce in vivo partial reprogramming 
(Figures 4D and 4E). Under this condition, transient induction of 
OSK, but not Nanog, was observed in Ei-OSK-transduced 
mice, indicating that the cells underwent partial rather than full re­
programming without activating endogenous pluripotency genes 
(Figure 4F). Importantly, after 20 consecutive EMF cycles, mice 
exhibited no significant alterations in metabolic rate, physical ac­
tivity, circadian rhythms, or behavioral profiles, including locomo­
tor and social performance (Data S1.10). Furthermore, renal and 
hematological parameters remained within physiological ranges, 
and histological assessments confirmed preserved tissue integ­
rity without evidence of inflammation or dysplasia (Data S1.11). 
Collectively, these results demonstrate that cyclic EMF-induced 
OSK expression enables safe, reversible in vivo reprogramming, 
thereby validating the long-term safety of the Ei gene switch.
Subsequently, we investigated whether the Ei-OSK gene 
switch 
could 
reverse 
aging 
phenotypes 
in 
progeroid 
(LMNAG608G/G608G) and aged mice. After systemic Ei-OSK deliv­
ery, 3-month-old progeria and 20-month-old mice were treated 
with cyclic EMF (3 days ON/4 days OFF) for 90 and 120 days, 
respectively (Figures 4G and S5E). Strikingly, Ei-OSK-mediated 
in vivo partial reprogramming significantly improved external 
appearance, including reduced spine curvature, in both proge­
roid and aged mice (Figures 4H and S5F). Consistently, EMF- 
exposed progeroid and aged mice showed attenuated body 
weight loss and a dramatic increase in both median and maximal 
lifespans (Figures 4I, 4J, S5G, and S5H). We further evaluated the 
rejuvenating effects of EMF-induced OSK through histological 
analysis. In progeroid and aged mice, Ei-OSK activation rescued 
adventitial thickness in the aorta (Figures 4K and S5I). Addition­
ally, smooth muscle actin (α-SMA)-positive cells and total cell 
counts in the aortic endothelium increased (Figures S5J and 
S5K), indicating vascular smooth muscle restoration. Beyond 
the vasculature, cyclic EMF exposure ameliorated splenic 
germinal center size, renal tube diameters, number of hepato­
cytes, and epidermal thickness (Figures S5L and S5M). Consis­
tently, senescence-associated genes and aging-related histone 
modifications, including H3K9me3, H4K20me3, and H3K4me3, 
were restored in the liver (Figures 4L, 4M, S5N, and S5O). 
Notably, the age-related stress response gene p16INK4a signifi­
cantly decreased (Figures 4N and S5P). Together, these findings 
demonstrate that cyclic EMF-inducible OSK activation effectively 
ameliorated multiple aging hallmarks across various tissues.
To investigate whether the Ei gene switch system could be 
used to spatially promote wound healing of local skin injuries, 
we induced skin injuries using an excisional dorsal wound model 
and injected Ei-OSK lentivirus directly into the wound area in 
mice. In a skin injury mouse model, EMF-mediated OSK expres­
sion was induced using two cycles of 3 days of EMF ON followed 
by 4 days of EMF OFF (Figure 4O). 2 weeks of localized EMF 
exposure significantly reduced fibrotic tissue accumulation, indi­
cating improved tissue repair through in vivo partial reprogram­
ming (Figure 4P). Notably, this cyclic regimen did not induce plu­
ripotency markers—including endogenous Oct4, Nanog, and 
Zfp42—compared with controls (Data S1.12). Building on these 
findings and given the expression of Sox2 in NSCs, we tested 
whether EMF-mediated OSK induction modulates NSC reprog­
ramming in vivo (Figure S5Q). EMF-mediated OSK induction 
significantly increased Gfap⁺/Sox2⁺ NSCs and Dcx⁺/Psa-ncam⁺ 
neuroblasts (NBs) in the dentate gyrus (Figure S5R), demon­
strating enhanced Sox2-dependent NSC reprogramming in vivo. 
Collectively, these results demonstrate that EMF-induced OSK 
activation promotes effective tissue rejuvenation and regenera­
tion across diverse systems.
Modeling AD by an EMF-inducible gene switch
We next tested whether the Ei gene switch could enable modeling 
of neurodegenerative disease. Aging is the primary risk factor for 
neurodegenerative diseases, such as AD. Modeling AD involves 
the overexpression of mutant genes, making it challenging to 
distinguish between the effects of pathogenic Aβ deposition vs. 
that which occurs during normal brain aging.30,31 We generated 
mutant amyloid precursor protein (APP) transgenic mice harboring 
human Swedish (KM670/671NL), Arctic (E693G), and Beyreuther/ 
Iberian (I716F) mutations under the control of an Ei element 
(Figure S6A) and subsequently exposed these mice to EMF. 
Initially, to promote the overproduction of pathogenic Aβ, such 
as Aβ42 in the brains of aged mice, EMF exposure was localized 
using a miniature EMF generator in EMF-inducible mutant APP 
(Ei-APPNL-G-F) transgenic mouse brains for 1 week. We observed 
a significant increase in the β-cleavage products of APP (C99; C- 
terminal fragment-β (CTFβ)) in EMF-exposed Ei-APPNL-G-F mice, 
(C) Oct4 western blot in various tissues from Ei-OSK-transduced mice following a cycle of 3 days of EMF ON and 4 days of EMF OFF. 
(D) Schematic representation of the cyclic EMF exposure protocol. 
(E) Survival rates (control, n = 6; 3dON, n = 7; 14dON, n = 6; 3dON/4dOFF ×1, n = 8; 3dON/4dOFF ×2, n = 9). 
(F) OSK and Nanog real-time qPCR at 3 days after EMF ON and 4 days after EMF OFF in liver (n = 6). 
(G) In vivo partial reprogramming schematic (progeroid mice, cyclic EMF). 
(H) Representative images of Ei-OSK-transduced progeroid mice after 3 months of cyclic EMF exposure. 
(I and J) Survival rates (I) and body weight progression (J) of Ei-OSK-transduced progeroid mice (wild type [WT] + control, n = 12; WT + cyclic EMF, n = 10; 
progeria + control, n = 11; progeria + cyclic EMF, n = 12). 
(K) Aorta H&E and quantification of adventitial thickness and adventitia/media ratio (n = 3). 
(L) Heatmap showing real-time qPCR of senescence-associated genes in liver and kidney (n = 3). 
(M) Western blot of OSK, progerin, H3K9me3, and H4K20me3 in liver from Ei-OSK-transduced progeroid mice following cyclic EMF exposure. 
(N) p16INK4a IF and quantification in liver (n = 5). 
(O) Schematic of the wound healing model using the Ei-OSK system with a miniaturized EMF. 
(P) Sirius red staining and collagen quantification in wound tissues from Ei-OSK-transduced mice after two cycles of EMF exposure (n = 3). All quantified data 
represent mean ± SEM. Statistical significance was determined by a two-tailed Student’s t test (N), log-rank test (E and I), or two-way ANOVA (F, J, K, L, and P). 
See also Figure S5 and Data S1.
ll
Cell 189, 1–16, May 28, 2026 
9 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 11 ===
Figure 5. In vivo modeling of AD by EMF-inducible mutant APP gene switch 
(A) APP, C-terminal fragment-β (CTFβ), and C-terminal fragment-α (CTFα) western blot in the brain from WT and Ei-APPNL-G-F mice under EMF. 
(B) Soluble/insoluble Aβ40 and Aβ42 ELISA (n = 3). 
(C) Aβ42 IF (cortex/hippocampus [Hp]) and quantification (0–10 months) (n = 3). 
(D) Schematic of the localized EMF exposure in young (3-month-old) and aged (20-month-old) Ei-APPNL-G-F mice. 
(legend continued on next page) 
ll
10 
Cell 189, 1–16, May 28, 2026 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 12 ===
while wild-type mice and control Ei-APPNL-G-F mice did not exhibit 
an increase in pathogenic Aβ (Figure 5A). We also confirmed 
increased levels of soluble and insoluble Aβ fractions in 
6-month-old EMF-exposed Ei-APPNL-G-F mice (Figure 5B). We 
found that 6-month-old Ei-APPNL-G-F mice subjected to 3 months 
of EMF exposure exhibited significantly higher cortical and hippo­
campal Aβ plaque levels than age-matched APPNL-G-F KI mice 
(Figure 5C), indicating that the EMF-inducible mutant APP system 
robustly recapitulates amyloid pathology in vivo.
Subsequently, to investigate age-dependent effects on Aβ 
generation, young (3-month-old) and aged (20-month-old) Ei- 
APPNL-G-F mice were exposed to EMF (Figure 5D). Remarkably, 
we observed that aged Ei-APPNL-G-F mice exposed to EMF ex­
hibited a significant increase in the Aβ42 to Aβ40 secretion ratio 
compared with their young counterparts, indicating that Aβ gen­
eration is accelerated with aging (Figure 5E). Next, to investigate 
how brain aging affects the development of AD phenotypes, we 
compared Aβ plaque deposition and associated neuroinflamma­
tion between young and aged Ei-APPNL-G-F mice following EMF 
exposure. Initially, we found that Aβ plaque deposition was de­
tected 2–3 months following EMF exposure in 3-month-old Ei- 
APPNL-G-F mice (Figure S6B). Consistently, aged Ei-APPNL-G-F 
mice exhibited a significant increase in Aβ plaque count and 
volume compared with young Ei-APPNL-G-F mice after 3 months 
of EMF exposure (Figures 5F and 5G). Interestingly, aged Ei- 
APPNL-G-F mice exhibited a higher basal level of neuroinflamma­
tion, with a marked accumulation of microglia and astrocytes 
around Aβ plaques following EMF exposure (Figures 5H, 5I, and 
S6C). These observations suggest that the pre-existing inflam­
matory environment in the aged brain plays a significant role in 
the progression of AD. Moreover, in aged Ei-APPNL-G-F mice, 
3 months of EMF exposure induced increased Aβ deposition 
compared with in APP KI (APPNL-G-F/NL-G-F) mice (Figure S6D). 
Ei-APPNL-G-F mice also exhibited pronounced spatial-learning 
deficits compared with age-matched controls (Figure S6E). In 
addition, we observed significant memory and cognition impair­
ments in EMF-exposed aged Ei-APPNL-G-F mice compared with 
young mice (Figures 5J–5L). These findings suggest that the Ei 
gene switch effectively recapitulates AD phenotypes, particularly 
in the context of aging, thus providing a platform for dissecting 
the temporal and mechanistic basis of neurodegeneration.
Restoration of serotonergic function by an EMF- 
inducible gene switch
To evaluate the precise regulation of the Ei gene switch, we em­
ployed Tph2-R439H KI (Tph2-KI) mice, a model where precise 
temporal control of Tph2 is essential to recapitulate physiolog­
ical 5-HT dynamics and associated behavioral outputs.32–35
First, we prepared the lentiviral construct, placing the wild-type 
Tph2 gene under the control of sEi, facilitating rapid activation 
only in response to EMF exposure (Figure 6A). Upon lentiviral de­
livery to fibroblasts, robust induction of Tph2 was detected after 
a 6-h EMF exposure, peaking at 12 h and rapidly returning to 
baseline within 12 h after cessation of EMF, confirming the tight 
temporal regulation of Tph2 (Figure 6B). To further validate sys­
tem functionality in vivo, sEi-Tph2 lentivirus was stereotaxically 
injected into the dorsal raphe nucleus (DRN) of the Tph2-KI 
mice brain, a primary site of serotonergic neuron localization. 
Following a cyclic 12-h EMF regimen, Tph2 mRNA levels and 
Tph2-positive cells in the DRN displayed significant cyclic upre­
gulation coinciding with EMF exposure intervals and subsided to 
baseline within 12 h after EMF withdrawal, indicating robust and 
transient reactivation of the serotonergic phenotype (Figures 6C 
and 6D). Consistently, we confirmed that decreased whole-brain 
5-HT levels in Tph2 KI mice were partially restored by 12 h of 
EMF exposure (Figure 6E). Further regional quantification 
confirmed significant restoration of 5-HT and its metabolite 
5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5-HIAA) levels in the raphe nuclei, 
hypothalamus, prefrontal cortex, and hippocampus of EMF- 
exposed mice (Figure 6F). Furthermore, increased 5-HT- 
positive cells in the DRN and substantia nigra (SN) reverted to 
reduced levels upon EMF cessation (Figures 6G and 6H), 
confirming that cyclic EMF-induced sEi-Tph2 activation enables 
stimulus-dependent 5-HT regulation in Tph2-KI mice. To investi­
gate how temporal EMF-driven Tph2 expression impacts 
depressive and anxiety-like behaviors, sEi-Tph2-transduced 
Tph2-KI mice were exposed to cyclic EMF (12 h/day) or contin­
uous EMF (24 h/day) (Figure 6I). Cyclic EMF significantly 
increased c-Fos in the DRN, with a further increase observed un­
der continuous exposure (Figures 6J and 6K). These results sug­
gest that neuronal activity is elevated in accordance with sus­
tained Tph2 expression. Notably, 12-h interval EMF exposure 
robustly restored behavioral phenotypes toward wild-type 
levels, reducing immobility, aggression, and anxiety-related 
measures (Figure 6L). Conversely, continuous EMF exposure 
failed to induce behavioral improvement, remaining comparable 
to untreated Tph2-KI controls with substantial variability 
(Figure 6L). These results demonstrate that the temporally 
controlled activation of Tph2 via the sEi system is essential for 
rescuing depressive-like behaviors, highlighting the temporal 
and spatial effectiveness of this EMF-mediated gene switch.
DISCUSSION
In this study, we developed an Ei gene switch that enables pre­
cise spatiotemporal regulation of gene expression in vivo. 
(E) Soluble/insoluble Aβ40 and Aβ42 ELISA (n = 3). 
(F) ThT staining of Aβ plaques in the Hp of young and aged Ei-APPNL-G-F mice after 3 months of EMF exposure. 
(G) Aβ plaque quantification (n = 8). 
(H) Gfap (red), Aβ42 (green), and Iba1 (blue) IF in Hp. 
(I) Gfap+, Iba1+, and Aβ plaque quantification (n = 6). 
(J–L) Behavior assessments of Ei-APPNL-G-F mice after 3 months of EMF exposure were assessed by (J) a Y-maze test, (K) contextual fear conditioning, and (L) a 
Morris water maze test (n = 6 per group). All quantified data represent mean ± SEM. Statistical significance was determined by one-way (J) or two-way (C, E, G, 
and I–L) ANOVA. 
See also Figure S6.
ll
Cell 189, 1–16, May 28, 2026 
11 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 13 ===
Figure 6. EMF-inducible Tph2 expression and regulation of 5-HT synthesis in a depression mouse model 
(A) Schematic illustrating cyclic EMF exposure (12 h ON/12 h OFF; 2.0 mT, 60 Hz) applied to Tph2 KI mice transduced with sEi-Tph2. EMF exposure drives 
temporal activation of Tph2, mimicking 5-HT circadian oscillations in the dorsal raphe nucleus (DRN). 
(legend continued on next page) 
ll
12 
Cell 189, 1–16, May 28, 2026 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 14 ===
Precisely controlled transgene expression in vivo via gene 
switches is becoming increasingly important for the translation 
of safe and effective gene & cell therapy as well as transgenic 
technology. Existing gene switches—whether stimulus-respon­
sive (e.g., ultrasound and electrical signals) or drug-inducible— 
face challenges in precise timing, tissue penetration, and poten­
tial side effects from inducing agents.36 However, EMF induction 
offers several distinct advantages such as gene switch. First, the 
non-invasiveness of EMF allows for external application to cells 
or organisms without invasive procedures. Second, EMF can be 
precisely targeted to specific cells or tissues by combining tis­
sue-specific promoters and/or focused EMF generators, 
providing spatially and temporally precise control over gene 
expression. Crucially, EMF offers rapidly reversible control over 
gene expression, enabling the study of the temporal dynamics 
of gene expression and allowing for rapid cessation of delete­
rious overexpression, such as the teratogenic consequences 
of excessive OSK expression. Furthermore, the response of 
the Lgr4 Ei element shows negligible transcriptional activity 
when not exposed to EMF stimulation. This makes Ei element- 
based gene switches promising for a wide range of applications 
in basic research, biotechnology, and medicine.
Moreover, we identified Cyb5b, a membrane-bound electron 
carrier, as an essential mediator that likely facilitates the trans­
duction of EMF-induced physical stimuli into biochemical re­
sponses. We propose that EMF-driven changes in the Cyb5b- 
associated redox state modulate Cacna1f gating, subsequently 
triggering targeted Ca2+ influx. Importantly, our data demon­
strate that Cyb5b and Cacna1f are essential for generating the 
distinctive, EMF-specific calcium oscillatory pattern observed 
in our system. These oscillations function as a temporal code, 
consistent with the principle of frequency encoding,37,38
whereby cells translate specific Ca2⁺ dynamics into defined tran­
scriptional outputs. In this context, EMF-induced calcium oscil­
lations are selectively decoded to induce Sp7 activation, which 
subsequently binds to the Ei element and activates the Ei gene 
switch, thereby providing a molecular link between calcium dy­
namics and Ei-dependent transcriptional activation. Together, 
these findings bridge the gap between external physical stimuli 
and intracellular signaling, establishing the Ei gene switch as a 
highly tunable platform for the remote regulation of cellular func­
tions through the biological decoding of EMF.
The Ei gene switch offers a paradigm shift in in vivo partial re­
programming by addressing the critical safety concerns of cur­
rent approaches and enabling its application in human therapeu­
tics. Its rapid reversibility and non-invasive nature allow for 
precise control over OSKM expression, thereby preventing 
OSKM-driven hyperplasia. Moreover, by overcoming the 
inherent limitations of conventional transgenic systems in ac­
cessing human organs, this platform establishes a feasible 
framework for translating in vivo partial reprogramming into clin­
ical applications for human age-reversal therapies. Furthermore, 
we utilized the Ei gene switch to establish an AD model that de­
couples intrinsic brain aging from pathogenic Aβ deposition. By 
enabling conditional mutant APP induction in aged mice,39 our 
platform successfully recapitulated the age-dependent Aβ 
accumulation characteristic of human sporadic AD. This non- 
invasive, remotely controlled system allows for the precise 
distinction between aging-related factors and amyloid-driven 
toxicity, providing a robust framework for evaluating AD patho­
genesis and therapeutic interventions. We further demonstrated 
the versatility of the Ei gene switch by restoring serotonergic ac­
tivity in Tph2-deficient mice. Unlike static gene therapies, our 
system enabled rhythmic Tph2 induction, mimicking natural 
circadian oscillations. This biomimetic regulation successfully 
reversed depressive-like behaviors, proving the system’s effi­
cacy in governing temporally sensitive neurobiological pro­
cesses. Collectively, these results highlight the distinct advan­
tage of the Ei system in governing genes that are sensitive to 
temporal dynamics, offering a more sophisticated tool for func­
tional neurobiology and regenerative medicine.
Limitations of the study
Although we identified Cyb5b as an essential component of the 
Ei gene switch that potentially functions as a key transducer link­
ing EMF to intracellular signaling, future studies are warranted to 
dissect the precise molecular mechanisms—specifically, how 
EMF-induced conformational or redox changes in Cyb5b and 
its associated redox states mechanistically modulate Cacna1f 
gating. In addition, while we demonstrated the therapeutic 
(B and C) Time course real-time qPCR analysis of Tph2 expression in fibroblasts (B) and in the Tph2-KI mouse brain (C) after transduction with sEi-Tph2 under 
cyclic EMF exposure (n = 3). 
(D) IF staining of Tph2 (red) and DAPI (blue) in the DRN from WT and Tph2-KI mice transduced with sEi-Tph2 (left). Quantification of Tph2-positive cells after cyclic 
EMF exposure is shown (right). Scale bar, 100 μm (n = 3). 
(E) Quantification of whole-brain 5-HT levels measured via ELISA in Tph2-KI mice transduced with sEi-GFP or sEi-Tph2 under control or cyclic EMF exposure (n = 3). 
(F) Quantification of 5-HT and 5-HIAA in each brain region and across the raphe nuclei (RN), hypothalamus (HPA), prefrontal cortex (PFC), and Hp of Tph2-KI mice 
transduced with sEi-Tph2 under control or EMF exposure (n = 3). 
(G) Immunolabeling of 5-HT in the DRN and substantia nigra (SN) of WT and sEi-Tph2-transduced Tph2-KI mice under control, EMF ON, and subsequent EMF 
OFF. 
(H) Quantification of 5-HT⁺ cells in DRN and SN shown in (G) (n = 5). 
(I) Schematic of Tph2 activation in cyclic EMF-exposed Tph2-KI mice transduced with sEi-Tph2. Cyclic EMF exposure (2.0 mT, 60 Hz; 12 h ON/12 h OFF) induces 
rhythmic Tph2 expression and continuous EMF exposure (24 h/day) for sustained Tph2 activation. 
(J) IF staining of c-Fos (red) in the DRN of WT and sEi-Tph2-transduced Tph2-KI mice under cyclic EMF (12 h ON) or continuous EMF (24 h ON) conditions. Scale 
bar, 50 μm. 
(K) Quantification of c-Fos-positive cells shown in (J) (n = 5). 
(L) Behavioral assays in WT and sEi-Tph2-transduced Tph2-KI mice under control, cyclic EMF (12 h ON), or continuous EMF (24 h ON) conditions. Shown are the 
tail suspension test (immobility time), resident-intruder test (percentage of attack duration), light/dark box test (latency to cross to light chamber), and marble 
burying test (percentage of buried marbles) (n = 6 per group). All quantified data represent mean ± SEM. Statistical significance was determined by one-way (D, H, 
K, and L) or two-way (B, C, E, and F) ANOVA.
ll
Cell 189, 1–16, May 28, 2026 
13 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 15 ===
potential of the Ei gene switch in murine models, further studies 
in large animal models, such as non-human primates, or pilot hu­
man clinical trials are warranted to validate the system’s efficacy 
and safety at a larger anatomical scale and to ensure its transla­
tional applicability.
RESOURCE AVAILABILITY
Lead contact
Requests for further information and resources should be directed to the lead 
contact, Jongpil Kim (jpkim153@dongguk.edu).
Materials availability
All materials/mouse lines generated in this study are available from the lead 
contact with a completed materials transfer agreement.
Data and code availability
• Raw sequencing data generated in this study (scRNA-seq and bulk RNA- 
seq) have been deposited in the NCBI Sequence Read Archive (SRA) un­
der BioProject accessions PRJNA1331480 and PRJNA1402770 and are 
publicly available as of the date of publication.
• This paper does not report original code.
• Any additional information required to reanalyze the data reported in this 
paper is available from the lead contact upon request.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
This work was supported by the Basic Science Research Program through the 
National Research Foundation of Korea (NRF) funded by the Ministry of Edu­
cation (RS-2022-NR070871); the ABC-based Regenerative BioTherapeutics 
(ABC Project) grant funded by the Ministry of Science and ICT and the Ministry 
of Health and Welfare (RS-2024-00433755), Korea; a grant funded by the Min­
istry of Science and ICT (RS-2026-25527018); and the Samsung Research 
Funding and Incubation Center of Samsung Electronics (SRFC-TC2003-04). 
We would also like to thank Takashi Saito and Takaomi C. Saido for providing 
the APPNL-G-F knockin mouse strain. The graphical abstract was created in 
BioRender by Y.H. (2026).
AUTHOR CONTRIBUTIONS
Junyeop Kim conceptualized the study, developed the methodology, wrote 
the original draft, reviewed and edited the manuscript, and managed project 
administration; Y.H. conceptualized the study, developed the methodology, 
performed investigation and visualization, wrote the original draft, reviewed 
and edited the manuscript, and managed project administration; S.K. contrib­
uted to methodology, investigation, and visualization and performed valida­
tion; D.K. developed the software and performed data curation; J.P. contrib­
uted to methodology and performed investigation and validation; B.C. 
developed the software; S.A. developed the software; S.I.K. performed formal 
analysis and wrote the original draft; Y. Kim performed validation; Seonghun 
Kim performed validation; C.J.L. contributed to methodology and wrote and 
edited the manuscript; Soochan Kim provided resources; Y. Kwon contributed 
to methodology and performed investigation and validation; J.-S.S. contrib­
uted to methodology and performed validation; Jongpil Kim reviewed and edi­
ted the manuscript, managed project administration, supervised the research, 
and acquired funding.
DECLARATION OF INTERESTS
The authors declare no competing interests.
STAR★METHODS
Detailed methods are provided in the online version of this paper and include 
the following:
• KEY RESOURCES TABLE
• EXPERIMENTAL MODEL AND STUDY PARTICIPANT DETAILS
○Cell lines
○Experimental animals
• METHOD DETAILS
○Electromagnetic field (EMF) exposure conditions
○Single-cell RNA sequencing
○Construction of the EMF inducible gene switch plasmid
○Preparation of Ei-OSK, Ei-APPNL-G-F and Ei-Tph2 constructs
○Lentiviral production and titration
○Generation of transgenic mice
○In vitro luciferase reporter assay
○Chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP) analysis
○DNA-Protein binding assay and proteomic identification
○RNA preparation and real-time qPCR
○Characterization and validation of spatiotemporal gene control us­
ing the Ei-GFP system
○In vivo partial reprogramming using the Ei-OSK system
○In vivo modeling of Alzheimer’s disease using the Ei-APP system
○Restoration of serotonergic function using the sEi-Tph2 system
○CRISPR/Cas9 library specification
○FACS cytometry and cell sorting
○Western blotting analysis
○Measurement of Aβ1-42 and Aβ1-40
○Thioflavin T (ThT) staining
○Immunohistochemistry
○Isolation of ROSA26-LSL-Luc tail-tip fibroblasts
○Fluo-8 calcium influx, calcium oscillation amplitude
○Transcription factor binding site prediction
○Behavior test
• QUANTIFICATION AND STATISTICAL ANALYSIS
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
Supplemental information can be found online at https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell. 
2026.03.029.
Received: July 25, 2023
Revised: February 10, 2026
Accepted: March 17, 2026
REFERENCES
1. Bojar, D., Scheller, L., Hamri, G.C.E., Xie, M., and Fussenegger, M. (2018). 
Caffeine-inducible gene switches controlling experimental diabetes. Nat. 
Commun. 9, 2318. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-018-04744-1.
2. Bai, P., Liu, Y., Xue, S., Hamri, G.C.E., Saxena, P., Ye, H., Xie, M., and Fus­
senegger, M. (2019). A fully human transgene switch to regulate therapeu­
tic protein production by cooling sensation. Nat. Med. 25, 1266–1273. 
https://doi.org/10.1038/s41591-019-0501-8.
3. Wang, Y., Liao, S., Guan, N., Liu, Y., Dong, K., Weber, W., and Ye, H. 
(2020). A versatile genetic control system in mammalian cells and mice 
responsive to clinically licensed sodium ferulate. Sci. Adv. 6, eabb9484. 
https://doi.org/10.1126/sciadv.abb9484.
4. Zhou, X., Vink, M., Klaver, B., Berkhout, B., and Das, A.T. (2006). Opti­
mization of the Tet-On system for regulated gene expression through 
viral evolution. Gene Ther. 13, 1382–1390. https://doi.org/10.1038/sj. 
gt.3302780.
5. Boyden, E.S., Zhang, F., Bamberg, E., Nagel, G., and Deisseroth, K. 
(2005). Millisecond-timescale, genetically targeted optical control of neu­
ral activity. Nat. Neurosci. 8, 1263–1268. https://doi.org/10.1038/nn1525.
6. Kennedy, M.J., Hughes, R.M., Peteya, L.A., Schwartz, J.W., Ehlers, M.D., 
and Tucker, C.L. (2010). Rapid blue-light-mediated induction of protein in­
teractions in living cells. Nat. Methods 7, 973–975. https://doi.org/10. 
1038/nmeth.1524.
ll
14 
Cell 189, 1–16, May 28, 2026 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 16 ===
7. Miller, I.C., Gamboa Castro, M., Maenza, J., Weis, J.P., and Kwong, G.A. 
(2018). Remote Control of Mammalian Cells with Heat-Triggered Gene 
Switches and Photothermal Pulse Trains. ACS Synth. Biol. 7, 1167– 
1173. https://doi.org/10.1021/acssynbio.7b00455.
8. Pan, Y., Yoon, S., Sun, J., Huang, Z., Lee, C., Allen, M., Wu, Y., Chang, 
Y.J., Sadelain, M., Shung, K.K., et al. (2018). Mechanogenetics for the 
remote and noninvasive control of cancer immunotherapy. Proc. Natl. 
Acad. Sci. USA 115, 992–997. https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1714900115.
9. Krawczyk, K., Xue, S., Buchmann, P., Charpin-El-Hamri, G., Saxena, P., 
Hussherr, M.D., Shao, J., Ye, H., Xie, M., and Fussenegger, M. (2020). 
Electrogenetic cellular insulin release for real-time glycemic control in 
type 1 diabetic mice. Science 368, 993–1001. https://doi.org/10.1126/sci­
ence.aau7187.
10. Deisseroth, K., Feng, G., Majewska, A.K., Miesenbo¨ ck, G., Ting, A., and 
Schnitzer, M.J. (2006). Next-generation optical technologies for illumi­
nating genetically targeted brain circuits. J. Neurosci. 26, 10380–10386. 
https://doi.org/10.1523/JNEUROSCI.3863-06.2006.
11. Stanley, S.A., Sauer, J., Kane, R.S., Dordick, J.S., and Friedman, J.M. 
(2015). Remote regulation of glucose homeostasis in mice using geneti­
cally encoded nanoparticles. Nat. Med. 21, 92–98. https://doi.org/10. 
1038/nm.3730.
12. Yoo, J., Lee, E., Kim, H.Y., Youn, D.H., Jung, J., Kim, H., Chang, Y.J., Lee, 
W., Shin, J., Baek, S., et al. (2017). Electromagnetized gold nanoparticles 
mediate direct lineage reprogramming into induced dopamine neurons 
in vivo for Parkinson’s disease therapy. Nat. Nanotechnol. 12, 1006– 
1014. https://doi.org/10.1038/Nnano.2017.133.
13. Song, K., Im, S.H., Yoon, Y.J., Kim, H.M., Lee, H.J., and Park, G.S. (2018). 
A 60 Hz uniform electromagnetic field promotes human cell proliferation 
by decreasing intracellular reactive oxygen species levels. PLoS One 13, 
e0199753. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0199753.
14. Chang, Y., Yoo, J., Kim, J., Hwang, Y., Shim, G., Oh, Y.K., and Kim, J. 
(2021). Electromagnetized Graphene Facilitates Direct Lineage Reprog­
ramming into Dopaminergic Neurons. Adv. Funct. Mater. 31, 2105346. 
https://doi.org/10.1002/adfm.202105346.
15. Kim, J., Kim, S., Hwang, Y., An, S., Park, J., Kwon, Y.B., Cho, B., Kwon, D., 
Kim, Y., Kang, S., et al. (2025). Electromagnetized MXenes Enhance the 
Efficient Direct Reprogramming of Dopamine Neurons for Parkinson’s Dis­
ease Therapy. ACS Nano 19, 16744–16759. https://doi.org/10.1021/acs­
nano.5c01457.
16. Ganesan, K., Gengadharan, A.C., Balachandran, C., Manohar, B.M., and 
Puvanakrishnan, R. (2009). Low frequency pulsed electromagnetic field– 
a viable alternative therapy for arthritis. Indian J. Exp. Biol. 47, 939–948.
17. Ocampo, A., Reddy, P., Martinez-Redondo, P., Platero-Luengo, A., Hata­
naka, F., Hishida, T., Li, M., Lam, D., Kurita, M., Beyret, E., et al. (2016). 
In vivo Amelioration of Age-Associated Hallmarks by Partial Reprogram­
ming. Cell 167, 1719–1733.e12. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2016. 
11.052.
18. Kim, J., Hwang, Y., Kim, S., Chang, Y., Kim, Y., Kwon, Y., and Kim, J. 
(2023). Transcriptional activation of endogenous Oct4 via the CRISPR/ 
dCas9 activator ameliorates Hutchinson-Gilford progeria syndrome in 
mice. Aging Cell 22, e13825. https://doi.org/10.1111/acel.13825.
19. Kim, H., Kim, J., Lee, E., Conklin, B., Hou, Y., Kim, S., Hwang, Y., Lee, 
K.B., and Kim, J. (2025). Alleviation of Aging-Related Hallmarks in a 
Mouse Model of Progeria via a Nanoparticle-Based Artificial Transcrip­
tion Factor. Adv. Funct. Mater. 35, 2425944. https://doi.org/10.1002/ 
adfm.202425944.
20. Carmon, K.S., Gong, X., Lin, Q.S., Thomas, A., and Liu, Q.Y. (2011). R- 
spondins function as ligands of the orphan receptors LGR4 and LGR5 to 
regulate Wnt/β-catenin signaling. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 108, 
11452–11457. https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1106083108.
21. Ruffner, H., Sprunger, J., Charlat, O., Leighton-Davies, J., Grosshans, B., 
Salathe, A., Zietzling, S., Beck, V., Therier, M., Isken, A., et al. (2012). R- 
Spondin Potentiates Wnt/β-Catenin Signaling through Orphan Receptors 
LGR4 and LGR5. PLoS One 7, e40976. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal. 
pone.0040976.
22. Kang, Y.E., Kim, J.M., Yi, H.S., Joung, K.H., Lee, J.H., Kim, H.J., and Ku, 
B.J. (2019). Serum R-Spondin 1 Is a New Surrogate Marker for Obesity and 
Insulin Resistance. Diabetes Metab. J. 43, 368–376. https://doi.org/10. 
4093/dmj.2018.0066.
23. Sanjana, N.E., Shalem, O., and Zhang, F. (2014). Improved vectors and 
genome-wide libraries for CRISPR screening. Nat. Methods 11, 
783–784. https://doi.org/10.1038/nmeth.3047.
24. Joung, J., Konermann, S., Gootenberg, J.S., Abudayyeh, O.O., Platt, R.J., 
Brigham, M.D., Sanjana, N.E., and Zhang, F. (2017). Genome-scale 
CRISPR-Cas9 knockout and transcriptional activation screening. Nat. 
Protoc. 12, 828–863. https://doi.org/10.1038/nprot.2017.016.
25. Li, W., Xu, H., Xiao, T., Cong, L., Love, M.I., Zhang, F., Irizarry, R.A., Liu, 
J.S., Brown, M., and Liu, X.S. (2014). MAGeCK enables robust identifica­
tion of essential genes from genome-scale CRISPR/Cas9 knockout 
screens. Genome Biol. 15, 554. https://doi.org/10.1186/s13059-014- 
0554-4.
26. Pall, M.L. (2013). Electromagnetic fields act via activation of voltage-gated 
calcium channels to produce beneficial or adverse effects. J. Cell. Mol. 
Med. 17, 958–965. https://doi.org/10.1111/jcmm.12088.
27. Grassi, C., D’Ascenzo, M., Torsello, A., Martinotti, G., Wolf, F., Cittadini, A., 
and Azzena, G.B. (2004). Effects of 50 Hz electromagnetic fields on 
voltage-gated Ca2+ channels and their role in modulation of neuroendo­
crine cell proliferation and death. Cell Calcium 35, 307–315. https://doi. 
org/10.1016/j.ceca.2003.09.001.
28. Cuccurazzu, B., Leone, L., Podda, M.V., Piacentini, R., Riccardi, E., Ripoli, 
C., Azzena, G.B., and Grassi, C. (2010). Exposure to extremely low-fre­
quency (50 Hz) electromagnetic fields enhances adult hippocampal neuro­
genesis in C57BL/6 mice. Exp. Neurol. 226, 173–182. https://doi.org/10. 
1016/j.expneurol.2010.08.022.
29. Matsubara, T., Kida, K., Yamaguchi, A., Hata, K., Ichida, F., Meguro, H., 
Aburatani, H., Nishimura, R., and Yoneda, T. (2008). BMP2 Regulates Os­
terix through Msx2 and Runx2 during Osteoblast Differentiation. J. Biol. 
Chem. 283, 29119–29125. https://doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M801774200.
30. Floyd, R.A., and Hensley, K. (2002). Oxidative stress in brain aging. Impli­
cations for therapeutics of neurodegenerative diseases. Neurobiol. Aging 
23, 795–807. https://doi.org/10.1016/s0197-4580(02)00019-2.
31. Saito, T., Matsuba, Y., Mihira, N., Takano, J., Nilsson, P., Itohara, S., Iwata, 
N., and Saido, T.C. (2014). Single App knock-in mouse models of Alz­
heimer’s disease. Nat. Neurosci. 17, 661–663. https://doi.org/10.1038/ 
nn.3697.
32. Beaulieu, J.M., Zhang, X., Rodriguiz, R.M., Sotnikova, T.D., Cools, M.J., 
Wetsel, W.C., Gainetdinov, R.R., and Caron, M.G. (2008). Role of GSK3 
beta in behavioral abnormalities induced by serotonin deficiency. Proc. 
Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 105, 1333–1338. https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas. 
0711496105.
33. Maddaloni, G., Barsotti, N., Migliarini, S., Giordano, M., Nazzi, S., Picchi, 
M., Errico, F., Usiello, A., and Pasqualetti, M. (2024). Impact of Serotonin 
Deficiency on Circadian Dopaminergic Rhythms. Int. J. Mol. Sci. 25, 
6475. https://doi.org/10.3390/ijms25126475.
34. Malek, Z.S., Dardente, H., Pevet, P., and Raison, S. (2005). Tissue-specific 
expression of tryptophan hydroxylase mRNAs in the rat midbrain: anatom­
ical evidence and daily profiles. Eur. J. Neurosci. 22, 895–901. https://doi. 
org/10.1111/j.1460-9568.2005.04264.x.
35. Malek, Z.S., Sage, D., Pe´ vet, P., and Raison, S. (2007). Daily rhythm of 
tryptophan hydroxylase-2 messenger ribonucleic acid within raphe neu­
rons is induced by corticoid daily surge and modulated by enhanced loco­
motor activity. Endocrinology 148, 5165–5172. https://doi.org/10.1210/ 
en.2007-0526.
36. Li, T., Chen, X.J., Qian, Y.J., Shao, J.W., Li, X., Liu, S.N., Zhu, L.Y., Zhao, 
Y.Z., Ye, H.F., and Yang, Y. (2021). A synthetic BRET-based optogenetic 
device for pulsatile transgene expression enabling glucose homeostasis 
ll
Cell 189, 1–16, May 28, 2026 
15 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 17 ===
in mice. Nat. Commun. 12, 615. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-021- 
20913-1.
37. Dolmetsch, R.E., Pajvani, U., Fife, K., Spotts, J.M., and Greenberg, M.E. 
(2001). Signaling to the nucleus by an L-type calcium channel-calmodulin 
complex through the MAP kinase pathway. Science 294, 333–339. https:// 
doi.org/10.1126/science.1063395.
38. Colella, M., Grisan, F., Robert, V., Turner, J.D., Thomas, A.P., and Pozzan, 
T. (2008). Ca2+ oscillation frequency decoding in cardiac cell hypertrophy: 
role of calcineurin/NFAT as Ca2+ signal integrators. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. 
USA 105, 2859–2864. https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.0712316105.
39. Sasaguri, H., Nilsson, P., Hashimoto, S., Nagata, K., Saito, T., De 
Strooper, B., Hardy, J., Vassar, R., Winblad, B., and Saido, T.C. (2017). 
APP mouse models for Alzheimer’s disease preclinical studies. EMBO J. 
36, 2473–2487. https://doi.org/10.15252/embj.201797397.
40. Kim, H., Cho, B., Kim, H.K., Kang, S., An, S., Kwon, D., Kim, H.Y., and Kim, 
J. (2025). PTN activity in quiescent neural stem cells mediates Shank3 
overexpression-induced manic behavior. Nat. Commun. 16, 2435. 
https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-025-57699-5.
41. Cho, B., Kim, H., An, S., Hwang, Y., Kwon, D., Park, J., Lengner, C.J., and 
Kim, J. (2026). Aberrant neural stem cell quiescence is the gateway to 
autism development linked to Arid1b. Mol. Psychiatry 31, 786–801. 
https://doi.org/10.1038/s41380-025-03174-y.
42. Kim, H., Cho, B., Park, H., Kim, J., Kim, S., Shin, J., Lengner, C.J., Won, 
K.J., and Kim, J. (2022). Dormant state of quiescent neural stem cells links 
Shank3 mutation to autism development. Mol. Psychiatry 27, 2751–2765. 
https://doi.org/10.1038/s41380-022-01563-1.
43. Kao, J.P.Y., Li, G., and Auston, D.A. (2010). Practical aspects of 
measuring intracellular calcium signals with fluorescent indicators. 
Methods Cell Biol. 99, 113–152. https://doi.org/10.1016/B978-0-12- 
374841-6.00005-0.
44. Li, J., Shang, Z.W., Chen, J.H., Gu, W.J., Yao, L., Yang, X., Sun, X.W., 
Wang, L.Q., Wang, T.L., Liu, S.Y., et al. (2023). Engineering of NEMO as 
calcium indicators with large dynamics and high sensitivity. Nat. Methods 
20, 918–924. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41592-023-01852-9.
45. Kaschek, L., Vialle, J., Stopper, G., Hoffmann, M.D.A., Zo¨ phel, S., Jansky, 
J., Ku¨ chler, N., Scha¨ fer, G., Moter, A., Wendel, P., et al. (2026). Fura-10, 
unlike fura-2, is suitable for long-term calcium imaging in natural killer 
(NK) cells without compromising cytotoxicity and can be combined with 
target cell death analysis. Cell Calcium 133, 103091. https://doi.org/10. 
1016/j.ceca.2025.103091.
ll
16 
Cell 189, 1–16, May 28, 2026 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 18 ===
STAR★METHODS
KEY RESOURCES TABLE
REAGENT or RESOURCE
SOURCE
IDENTIFIER
Antibodies
LGR4 antibody
ProteinTech
#20150-1-AP; RRID: AB_2878648
LGR4 antibody
Invitrogen
#PA5-118812; RRID: AB_2903312
LGR4 antibody (clone 7E7)
Sigma-Aldrich
#MABS1781; RRID: AB_2855319
beta-Catenin antibody (D10A8)
Cell Signaling Technology
#8480; RRID: AB_11127855
beta Actin antibody
Abcam
#ab8227; RRID: AB_2305186
LEF1 antibody
Abcam
#ab85052; RRID: AB_1861440
GFP antibody
Abcam
#ab290; RRID: AB_303395
Tyrosine Hydroxylase antibody
Pel-Freez Biologicals
#p60101-150; RRID: AB_3677426
GFAP antibody
Abcam
#ab53554; RRID: AB_880202
CYB5B Polyclonal Antibody
Thermo Fisher
#PA5-97644; RRID: AB_2812259
CYB5B Polyclonal Antibody
Thermo Fisher
#PA5-90804; RRID: AB_2806244
Sp7 antibody
Abcam
#ab22552; RRID: AB_2194492
Lrrfip1 antibody
Santa Cruz Biotechnology
#sc-101168; RRID: AB_1124666
Oct4 antibody (AB18976)
Abcam
#ab18976; RRID: AB_444714
SOX2 antibody
Invitrogen
#14-9811-82; RRID: AB_11219471
KLF4 antibody
Cell Signaling Technology
#4038; RRID: AB_2265207
Progerin antibody (13A4D4)
Santa Cruz Biotechnology
#sc-81611; RRID: AB_1128450
Histone H3 (tri methyl K9) antibody
Abcam
#ab8898; RRID: AB_306848
Histone H4 (tri methyl K20) antibody
Abcam
#ab177190; RRID: AB_2713955
Histone H3 (tri methyl K4) antibody
Abcam
#ab8580; RRID: AB_306649
Histone H3 antibody
Cell Signaling Technology
#9715; RRID: AB_331563
p16INK4a antibody
Invitrogen
#PA5-20379; RRID: AB_11157205
APP A4 antibody, a.a. 66-81 of APP (clone 22C11)
Sigma-Aldrich
#MAB348; RRID: AB_2056583
β-Amyloid, 1-16 [6E10] antibody
BioLegend
#803001; RRID: AB_2564653
Amyloid Precursor Protein (APP) antibody
Sigma-Aldrich
#A8717; RRID:AB_258409
β-Amyloid, 1-42 [12F4] antibody
BioLegend
#805501; RRID: AB_2564683
Iba1 antibody
Abcam
#ab178847; RRID:AB_2832244
EGFR antibody (A-10)
Santa Cruz Biotechnology
#sc-373746; RRID: AB_10920395
Phospho-CREB (Ser133) (87G3) antibody
Cell Signaling Technology
#9198; RRID: AB_2561044
Lamin A/C antibody
BD biosciences
#612162; RRID: AB_399533
Notch1 antibody (C-10)
Santa Cruz Biotechnology
#sc-373891; RRID: AB_10917214
HES1 antibody
Invitrogen
#PA5-28802; RRID: AB_2546278
p44/42 MAPK (Erk1/2) (137F5) antibody
Cell Signaling Technology
#4695; RRID: AB_390779
Phospho-p44/42 MAPK (Erk1/2) antibody
Cell Signaling Technology
#4370; RRID: AB_2315112
p38 MAPK antibody
Cell Signaling Technology
#9212; RRID: AB_330713
Phospho-p38 MAPK antibody
Cell Signaling Technology
#9216; RRID: AB_331296
SAPK/JNK antibody
Cell Signaling Technology
#9252; RRID: AB_2250373
Phospho-SAPK/JNK antibody
Cell Signaling Technology
#9251; RRID: AB_331659
Alpha-Smooth Muscle Actin antibody (1A4)
Invitrogen
#14-9760-82; RRID: AB_2572996
Cleaved Caspase-3 (Asp175) antibody
Cell Signaling Technology
#9661; RRID: AB_2341188
Doublecortin antibody
Cell Signaling Technology
#4604; RRID: AB_561007
PSA-NCAM antibody (12E3)
Invitrogen
#14-9118-82; RRID: AB_2572932
Tryptophan Hydroxylase antibody
Sigma-Aldrich
#T0678; RRID: AB_261587
(Continued on next page)
ll
Cell 189, 1–16.e1–e12, May 28, 2026 
e1 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 19 ===
Continued
REAGENT or RESOURCE 
SOURCE 
IDENTIFIER
Serotonin antibody (clone YC5/45)
Sigma-Aldrich
#MAB352; RRID: AB_11213564
c-Fos (9F6) antibody
Cell Signaling Technology
#2250; RRID: AB_2247211
Rabbit Anti-Mouse IgG antibody
Sigma-Aldrich
#M7023; RRID: AB_260634
Goat anti-Rabbit IgG (H+L)-HRP
GenDEPOT
#SA002-500; RRID: AB_3676718
Goat anti-Mouse IgG (H+L)-HRP
Thermo Fisher
#31430; RRID: AB_228307
Goat anti-Rat IgG Antibody-HRP
Thermo Fisher
#AP136P; RRID: AB_11214444
Goat anti-Mouse IgG (H+L) Cross-Adsorbed 
Secondary Antibody, Alexa Fluor 488
Thermo Fisher
#A11001; RRID: AB_2534069
Goat anti-Rabbit IgG (H+L) Cross-Adsorbed 
Secondary Antibody, Alexa Fluor 488
Thermo Fisher
#A11008; RRID: AB_143165
Goat anti-Rat IgG (H+L) Cross-Adsorbed 
Secondary Antibody, Alexa Fluor 488
Thermo Fisher
#A11006; RRID: AB_2534074
Donkey anti-Sheep IgG (H+L) Cross-Adsorbed 
Secondary Antibody, Alexa Fluor 594
Thermo Fisher
#A11016; RRID: AB_2534083
Donkey anti-Goat IgG (H+L) Cross-Adsorbed 
Secondary Antibody, Alexa Fluor 594
Thermo Fisher
#A11058; RRID: AB_2534105
Goat anti-Rabbit IgG (H+L) Cross-Adsorbed 
Secondary Antibody, Alexa Fluor 594
Thermo Fisher
#A11012; RRID: AB_2534079
Goat anti-Mouse IgG (H+L) Cross-Adsorbed 
Secondary Antibody, Alexa Fluor 594
Thermo Fisher
#A11005; RRID: AB_2534073
Goat anti-Rabbit IgG (H+L) Cross-Adsorbed 
Secondary Antibody, Alexa Fluor 647
Thermo Fisher
#A21244; RRID: AB_2535812
Bacterial and virus strains
Competent cells (DH5α)
Thermo Fisher
#18265017
Chemicals, peptides, and recombinant proteins
DAPI
Invitrogen
Cat#62248
easy-BLUE™ Total RNA Extraction Kit
iNtRON Biotechnology
Cat#17061
PCI(Phenol,Chloroform,Isoamylalcohol)
Biosesang
Cat#PC2026-050-80
RT PreMix
BIONEER
Cat#K-2041-B
TOPreal™ SYBR Green qPCR PreMIX
Enzynomics
Cat#RT500
WESTSAVE Gold ECL
Abfrontier
Cat#LF-QC0103
Xpert Protease Inhibitor Cocktail Solution
GenDEPOT
Cat#P3100-005
RIPA Buffer
Sigma-Aldrich
#R0278-50ML
T4 DNA Ligase
Enzynomics
#M001S
Thioflavin T
Sigma-Aldrich
#596200
4% Paraformaldehyde Solution
HanLAB
#HPFA-0410
Lipofectamine 3000 Transfection Reagent
Invitrogen
#L3000008
NIH/3T3 Fibroblast Transfection Reagent
EZ Biosystems
#EZT-NIH3-1
Opti-MEM, Reduced Serum Medium
Gibco
#31985-062
Sodium chloride solution
Sigma-Aldrich
#S8776-100ML
Dynabeads M-280 Streptavidin, 2 mL
Invitrogen
#11205D
Biotin (Long Arm) Maleimide
Vector Laboratories
#SP-1501
3’ EndTag DNA labeling kit
Vector Laboratories
#MB-9002
Protein A Magnetic Beads
Thermo Fisher Scientific
#88846
10X Sodium Citrate buffer, pH6.0 w/ Tween 20
Biosesang
#SR2135-050-60
Recombinant Mouse R-Spondin 1 Protein
Sino Biological
#50316-M08S
Recombinant Mouse R-Spondin 3 Protein
Bio-techne
#4120-RS
Fluo-8 AM
abcam
#ab142773
Calcium Ionophore
Sigma-Aldrich
#C7522
(Continued on next page)
ll
e2 
Cell 189, 1–16.e1–e12, May 28, 2026 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 20 ===
Continued
REAGENT or RESOURCE 
SOURCE 
IDENTIFIER
Ionomycin free acid
Sigma-Aldrich
#407950
Recombinant human BMP-2 (monomer) protein
Nkmax
#BMP0905
Critical commercial assays
Luciferase Assay System
Promega
#E1500
H&E staining kit
abcam
#ab245880
Genomic DNA Purification Kit
Thermo Scientific™
#K0512
Picro Sirius Red Stain Kit
abcam
#ab150681
Human Amyloidβ (1-40) Assay Kit
IBL
#27713
Human Amyloidβ (1-42) (FL) Assay Kit
IBL
#27719
gentleMACS Kidney dissociation kit
miltenyi biotec
#130-110-203
gentleMACS Spleen dissociation kit
miltenyi biotec
#130-095-926
gentleMACS Skin dissociation kit
miltenyi biotec
#130-101-540
gentleMACS Liver dissociation kit
miltenyi biotec
#130-105-807
TNF alpha ELISA kit
Abcam
#ab208348
IL-6 ELISA kit
Invitrogen
#BMS603-2
Serotonin(5-HT) ELISA kit
Abcam
#ab133053
5-Hydroxyindoleacetic Acid (5-HIAA) ELISA Kit
MyBioSource
#MBS2000357
DAB substrate kit
Abcam
#AB64238
Deposited data
Single cell RNA sequencing
This paper
PRJNA1331480
Bulk RNA sequencing
This paper
PRJNA1402770
Experimental models: Cell lines
Human neural progenitor cells
Sigma-Aldrich
#SCC008; RRID: CVCL_E921
Human skin fibroblasts
Korean Cell Line Bank
#21947; RRID: CVCL_2400
293T
ATCC
#CRL-3216; RRID: CVCL_0063
NIH/3T3 (Swiss mouse embryo fibroblast)
ATCC
#CRL-1658; RRID: CVCL_0594
WT mouse skin fibroblasts
This paper
N/A
WT mouse neuron
This paper
N/A
WT mouse astrocytes
This paper
N/A
WT mouse cardiomyocytes
This paper
N/A
ROSA26-LSL-Luciferase skin fibroblasts
This paper
N/A
Experimental models: Organisms/strains
C57BL/6J
DBL
N/A
DAT-Cre
Jackson Laboratory
JAX: 006660
GFAP-Cre
Jackson Laboratory
JAX: 004600
Progeroid mice (LMNA, G608G)
Jackson Laboratory
JAX: 010667
APP (NL-G-F) KI mice
RIKEN Brain Science Institute
RBRC06344
Tph2 R439H KI mice
Jackson Laboratory
JAX: 027307
Ei-GFP
This paper
N/A
Ei-APP(NL-G-F)
This paper
N/A
Recombinant DNA
Plasmid: pGL3 Basic Vector
Addgene
#212936
Plasmid: pGL3-Scramble
This paper
N/A
Plasmid: pGL3-Ei
This paper
N/A
Plasmid: pGL3-sEi
This paper
N/A
Plasmid: pGL4.18 CMV-Luc
Addgene
#100984
Plasmid: Mouse CRISPR Knockout Pooled 
Library (GeCKO v2)
Addgene
#1000000052
(Continued on next page)
ll
Cell 189, 1–16.e1–e12, May 28, 2026 
e3 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 21 ===
EXPERIMENTAL MODEL AND STUDY PARTICIPANT DETAILS
Cell lines
Human neural progenitor cells, human skin fibroblasts, HEK293T, and NIH/3T3 were maintained at 37◦C in a humidified atmosphere 
with 5% CO2. All immortalized cell lines were cultured in high-glucose DMEM supplemented with 10% FBS, 1% Penicillin- 
Streptomycin, and 2 mM L-glutamine. For rigorous quality control, all human and immortalized cell lines were authenticated via Short 
Tandem Repeat (STR) profiling (Kogene Biotech, Seoul, Korea) and were confirmed to be free of mycoplasma contamination using 
the MycoSensor PCR assay kit according to the manufacturer’s instructions. Primary mouse cells, including wild-type skin fibro­
blasts, neurons, astrocytes, and cardiomyocytes, were isolated from C57BL/6J mice, while ROSA26-LSL-Luciferase skin fibroblasts 
Continued
REAGENT or RESOURCE 
SOURCE 
IDENTIFIER
Plasmid: lentiCRISPR v2
Addgene
#52961
Plasmid: CACNA1F shRNA
Abmgood
#LS414885
Plasmid: CACNA1C shRNA
Abmgood
#LS414875
Plasmid: SP7 shRNA
Abmgood
#LS445166
Plasmid: KDM4A shRNA
Abmgood
#LS425474
Plasmid: LRRFIP1 shRNA
Abmgood
#LS427709
Plasmid: POLR1C shRNA
Abmgood
#LS437168
Plasmid: scramble shRNA
Addgene
#1864
Plasmid: psPAX2
Addgene
#12260
Plasmid: pMD2.G
Addgene
#12259
Plasmid: pEi-GFP
This paper
N/A
Plasmid: pScr-GFP
This paper
N/A
Plasmid: pEi-DIO-GFP
This paper
N/A
Plasmid: pEi-OSK
This paper
N/A
Plasmid: pEi-Scr
This paper
N/A
Plasmid: pScr-OSK
This paper
N/A
Plasmid: pEi-APPNL-G-F
This paper
N/A
Plasmid: pEi-Cre
This paper
N/A
Plasmid: psEi-Tph2
This paper
N/A
Plasmid: psEi-GFP
This paper
N/A
Plasmid: pCMV-Cyb5b
This paper
N/A
Software and algorithms
Graphpad Prism
Graphpad
https://www.graphpad.com
ZEN(2.3)
Zeiss
https://www.zeiss.com/microscopy/en/ 
home.html
Ethovision(13.0)
Noldus
https://noldus.com/
CytExpert SRT (v1.1.0.10007)
BECKMAN COULTER
https://www.beckman.kr/flow-cytometry/ 
research-flow-cytometers/cytoflex/software
Python v3.1
Python Software Foundation
RRID:SCR_008394
R v4.1.2
R Core Team
RRID:SCR_001905
seaborn v0.11.1
https://seaborn.pydata.org/
RRID:SCR_018132
Seurat v.4.0
https://seurat.r-forge.r-project.org/
RRID:SCR_007322
Cellranger v7.1.0
10x Genomics
RRID:SCR_017344
JASPAR 2024
https://jaspar.elixir.no/
RRID:SCR_003030
SAVER
https://github.com/mohuangx/SAVER
RRID:SCR_016598
DAVID
https://david.ncifcrf.gov/
RRID:SCR_001881
Bowtie v1.3.1
https://github.com/BenLangmead/bowtie
RRID:SCR_005476
DESeq2 v1.34.0
https://github.com/thelovelab/DESeq2
RRID:SCR_015687
MAGeCK v0.5.9.5
Li et al.25
RRID:SCR_025016
Trimmomatic v0.39
https://github.com/usadellab/trimmomatic
RRID:SCR_011848
BioRender
BioRender
https://www.biorender.com
ll
e4 
Cell 189, 1–16.e1–e12, May 28, 2026 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 22 ===
were specifically generated in-house for this study. Wild type and ROSA26-LSL-Luciferase mice skin fibroblasts were cultured in 
DMEM with 10% FBS. Primary neurons and astrocytes were obtained from embryos at embryonic day 13.5 (E13.5) and maintained 
in neurobasal medium supplemented with 2% B27 and 0.5 mM GlutaMAX. Primary cardiomyocytes were isolated from neonatal 
hearts (P0–P2) via enzymatic digestion with Collagenase Type II and maintained in Medium 199 supplemented with 10% FBS, 
1% Penicillin-Streptomycin, and 2 mM L-glutamine on plates pre-coated with 0.1% gelatin. All primary cells were used at early pas­
sages (P1–P3) to preserve physiological relevance.
Experimental animals
All animal experiments were conducted in accordance with institutional guidelines and were approved by the Institutional Animal 
Care and Use Committee (IACUC) of Dongguk University (approval number: IACUC-2019-043-2). This study utilized wild-type 
C57BL/6J mice, along with the following transgenic and knock-in lines: Dat-IRES-Cre, Gfap-Cre, progeroid LMNAG608G/G608G 
mice, APPNL-G-F knock-in mice, and R439H Tph2 knock-in mice. Transgenic lines for EMF-inducible expression, including Ei-GFP 
and Ei-APPNL-G-F, were generated in-house as described in this study. All lines were maintained on a C57BL/6J genetic background. 
Both male and female mice were used, including young adults (3 months old), aged mice (20–24 months old), and progeroid mice (3 or 
6 months old), with animals randomly assigned to experimental groups. Mice were group-housed in a SPF facility under a controlled 
12-hour light/dark cycle (lights on at 09:00), with temperature maintained at 23 ± 1◦C and humidity at 40–60%. Animals had ad libitum 
access to standard chow and water. Investigators were blinded to group allocation during data collection and histological analysis 
whenever feasible.
METHOD DETAILS
Electromagnetic field (EMF) exposure conditions
The electromagnetic field (EMF) generation system used in this study is designed to produce a direct current (DC) pulsed electro­
magnetic field. The system consists of a DC power supply, a microcontroller-based waveform generator, and custom-designed 
coil assemblies. The waveform generator employs a microcontroller (ATmega328P, Microchip Technology, USA) programmed in 
C language using the AVR-GCC compiler (version 7.3.0) to produce TTL-level (0-5V) control signals with precise timing and frequency 
characteristics. These TTL signals are fed into a power driver circuit utilizing field-effect transistors (FETs), where the TTL signal mod­
ulates the FET gate voltage to control high-voltage, high-current switching between the drain and source terminals. This configuration 
enables efficient delivery of the modulated power to the coil assembly. For the 60 Hz stimulation protocol, the microcontroller gen­
erates a unipolar pulsed EMF (PEMF) waveform consisting of cycles with 16.67 ms periods. Each cycle comprises a discrete burst of 
20consecutive single pulses followed by a resting interval. The resulting DC pulsed waveform, amplified through the FET-based po­
wer stage, is applied to the coil assembly to generate the EMF for in vitro and in vivo experiments. The peak amplitude of the magnetic 
field was calibrated and confirmed using a gaussmeter.
In vitro EMF Exposure
For in vitro EMF exposure, a Helmholtz coil system was designed using COMSOL Multiphysics 3.4 to generate a spatially uniform 
magnetic field. The system consisted of two identical circular coils arranged coaxially, producing a near-uniform magnetic flux den­
sity in the central region between the coils. Each coil had an inner diameter of 15 cm and was oriented to generate a vertically aligned 
magnetic field relative to the culture plates (see Figure S1A). Cells were transferred to an incubator equipped with the Helmholtz coil 
system and subjected to EMF exposure at a frequency of 60 Hz and a magnetic flux density of 2.0 mT for 1–7 days, as indicated for 
each experiment. Cells were maintained under standard culture conditions (37◦C, 5% CO₂) throughout the exposure period, and 
identical incubators without EMF exposure were used for control conditions.
In vivo EMF exposure
For whole-body in vivo EMF exposure, mice were exposed to EMF using a large-scale Helmholtz coil system designed to accom­
modate animal cages. This system consisted of two identical circular coils with an inner diameter of 60 cm, arranged coaxially to 
generate a uniform magnetic field across the animal enclosure. The coils were oriented to generate a vertical magnetic field. Mice 
were exposed to EMF at a frequency of 60 Hz and an intensity of 2.0 mT, unless otherwise specified. Animal positioning within 
the uniform field region was standardized to ensure consistent exposure across experimental groups.
Localized EMF exposure using a miniature coil
For experiments requiring spatially restricted EMF exposure, a miniature circular coil was used instead of a Helmholtz coil configu­
ration. The miniature coil consisted of a single-loop circular coil with a coil diameter of 25 mm, allowing EMF delivery to a confined 
region. Mice were briefly anesthetized and placed in a defined and reproducible orientation relative to the miniature coil to minimize 
positional variability during stimulation. EMF exposure was applied for short durations under anesthesia, after which animals were 
allowed to recover fully and returned to their home cages. EMF exposure using the miniature coil was performed using the same fre­
quency (60 Hz) and magnetic field intensity (2.0 mT) as used in whole-body EMF experiments.
Single-cell RNA sequencing
For single-cell RNA sequencing, brain tissues from control mice and mice subjected to 48 hours of EMF exposure were harvested and 
processed together in a single-cell isolation batch to minimize batch effects. Following established protocols,40 tissue dissection and 
ll
Cell 189, 1–16.e1–e12, May 28, 2026 
e5 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 23 ===
single-cell dissociation were performed. The hippocampal dentate gyrus (DG) was microdissected under sterile conditions. Tissues 
were minced into ∼1 mm3 fragments and enzymatically dissociated for 20 min in a digestion buffer containing 0.01% papain 
(25 U/mg) and 0.01% DNase I (2788 U/mg) to obtain single-cell suspensions. Following digestion, the cell suspension was mixed 
with an equal volume of 0.5% BSA in DPBS and filtered through a 70 μm cell strainer to remove undissociated tissue fragments. 
The filtrate was then combined with 4 ml of debris removal solution and centrifuged at 3,000 g for 10 min to eliminate debris and 
myelin contaminants. The remaining cells were collected and resuspended in 1 ml of 0.5% BSA in DPBS. Cells were counted using 
a Countess™ 3 FL Automated Cell Counter and diluted to 700 cells/μL prior to single-cell capture using the 10x Genomics Single-Cell 
3′ platform. Single-cell capture and library preparation were performed according to the manufacturer’s protocol without modifica­
tion. Libraries from individual samples were pooled and sequenced on an Illumina HiSeq 4000 platform with an average sequencing 
depth of ∼50,000 reads per cell.
Single-cell RNA sequencing analysis
In accordance with previously described protocols41 subsequent single-cell data analysis was performed. Raw sequencing data 
were processed using Cell Ranger v7.1.0 (10x Genomics). FASTQ files were mapped and aligned to the mouse reference genome 
(mm10) using the STAR aligner with default parameters. Due to the high frequency of dropout events inherent to single-cell RNA 
sequencing data, which can result in low signal-to-noise ratios for some genes, gene expression values were imputed using 
SAVER to recover more accurate expression estimates. For downstream analysis, datasets were analyzed using the Seurat package 
(v4.0) in R. Datasets from control mice and EMF-exposed mice were integrated using Seurat’s integration workflow. Briefly, integra­
tion anchors were identified using the FindIntegrationAnchors function, and the datasets were subsequently merged using the 
IntegrateData function. Principal component analysis (PCA) was then performed on the integrated dataset for dimensionality reduc­
tion. Gene expression distributions across cell populations were visualized using violin plots generated with the Seurat package 
(v4.0). Gene ontology (GO) enrichment analysis of differentially expressed genes was performed using the DAVID functional anno­
tation tool.
Construction of the EMF inducible gene switch plasmid
We utilized an EMF-inducible gene switch to enable controlled expression of genes of interest. The Lgr4 promoter region (Ei) was 
amplified by PCR from mouse genomic DNA. To generate an EMF-responsive GFP reporter (Ei-GFP), the amplified Ei was inserted 
into the pCIG3 lentiviral vector in place of the CMV promoter, driving GFP expression under EMF control.
Preparation of Ei-OSK, Ei-APPNL-G-F and Ei-Tph2 constructs
Specific therapeutic and disease-modeling constructs were generated by replacing the GFP sequence in the Ei-GFP lentiviral vector 
with target coding sequences. For partial reprogramming, Oct4, Sox2, and Klf4 (OSK) coding sequences were assembled as a poly­
cistronic cassette and cloned into the Ei-GFP vector. For Alzheimer’s disease modeling, the APP gene containing the humanized 
murine APP sequence with Swedish (KM670/671NL), Arctic (E693G), and Beyreuther/Iberian (I716F) mutations (APPNL-G-F) was 
PCR-amplified from cDNA of APPNL-G-F knock-in mouse brains31 and inserted into the Ei-GFP vector. For the depression model, 
the Wild type Tph2 coding sequence was amplified from cDNA and cloned into the Ei-GFP lentiviral vector.
Lentiviral production and titration
Lentiviruses were produced in HEK293T cells maintained in Dulbecco’s modified Eagle’s medium (DMEM) supplemented with 10% 
fetal bovine serum (FBS), 1% penicillin-streptomycin (P/S), and 1% geneticin at 37◦C in a humidified incubator containing 5% CO2. 
One day prior to transfection, HEK293T cells were subcultured and seeded onto 15 cm culture dishes at a density of 2 × 107cells per 
dish. To ensure optimal culture conditions for transfection, the medium was replaced with fresh growth medium 1 h before transfec­
tion. Cells were co-transfected with the lentiviral expression constructs together with the packaging plasmids psPAX2 and pMD2.G 
using calcium phosphate co-precipitation. At 24 h after transfection, the medium was replaced with fresh growth medium. Viral 
supernatants were harvested 72 h after transfection and centrifuged at 2,000 rpm for 5 min to remove cell debris. The resulting 
supernatants were carefully collected and filtered through a 0.45 μm pore-size filter. Filtered viral supernatants were transferred 
to ultracentrifuge tubes and adjusted to equal weight with PBS. Lentiviral particles were concentrated using an Optima XE- 
100 Ultracentrifuge at 25,000 rpm for 2 h. Following ultracentrifugation, the supernatants were completely discarded, and the viral 
pellets were resuspended in cold PBS and used for subsequent experiments. Functional titers were determined by transducing 
HEK293FT cells seeded in 24-well plates at 1 ×104 cells per well. Upon reaching 70% confluency, cells were incubated for 8 h 
with 250μl of serially diluted viral supernatants (10-1 to 10-3) in DMEM containing 8 μg/mL polybrene. After medium replacement, 
the proportion of GFP-positive cells was quantified 48–72 h post-transduction via flow cytometry. To ensure accuracy, only dilution 
factors yielding 1–20% GFP positivity were used for calculation. The functional titer was calculated as (initial cell number × % GFP- 
positive cells × dilution factor) / inoculum volume, establishing a titer of approximately 1 ×108 TU/mL.
Generation of transgenic mice
Transgenic mice expressing GFP or APPNL-G-F under the control of the Lgr4 promoter (Ei element) were generated by pronuclear 
microinjection. Ei-GFP constructs were linearized using ClaI and PsiI restriction enzymes, resulting in a 3.7 kb DNA fragment. Ei- 
APPNL-G-F constructs were linearized using ClaI and AatII restriction enzymes to produce a 3.7 kb DNA fragment. The linearized 
ll
e6 
Cell 189, 1–16.e1–e12, May 28, 2026 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 24 ===
DNA fragments were gel-purified and microinjected into the pronuclei of fertilized C57BL/6J zygotes. Injected embryos were trans­
ferred into pseudopregnant foster females for the production of transgenic founder animals. A total of 6 Ei-GFP transgenic founders 
(4 males and 2 females) and 9 Ei-APPNL-G-F transgenic founders (5 males and 4 females) were identified. Genomic DNA was 
isolated from tail biopsies of the founder mice, and transgene integration was confirmed by genomic PCR analysis. Correct insertion 
of the transgenes was verified by the detection of 733 bp GFP-specific and 508 bp APP-specific amplicons using gene-specific 
primer sets.
In vitro luciferase reporter assay
Cells were seeded into 96-well plates at a density of 1.5 x 104cells per well and cultured under standard growth conditions. Trans­
fection was performed with Scrambled-luciferase (Control) or Ei-luciferase reporter constructs using Lipofectamine 3000. At 36 h 
post-transfection, cells were exposed to electromagnetic fields (EMF) at defined intensities and frequencies for 36 h. Following 
EMF exposure, cells were transferred to a separate incubator without EMF stimulation and cultured for an additional 48 h. Cells 
were subsequently lysed, and luciferase activity was measured using a Luciferase Assay System Kit. Luminescence was quantified 
using a microplate luminometer according to the manufacturer’s protocol. Values were normalized to total cell number or protein 
content, with each condition analyzed using multiple technical replicates.
Chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP) analysis
Control or EMF-exposed mouse fibroblasts were collected and cross-linked with 1% paraformaldehyde (PFA) for 5 min at room tem­
perature, followed by quenching with glycine for 5 min. Cells were lysed, and chromatin preparation was performed according to an 
established protocol.42 Chromatin was sheared to an average fragment size of 200–500 bp. For immunoprecipitation, chromatin 
samples were incubated with anti-Sp7, anti-Lrrfip1, or Rabbit Anti-Mouse IgG, along with Protein A Magnetic Beads. Samples 
were rotated overnight at 4 ◦C. Beads were collected and resuspended in 50uL of IP elution buffer. Samples were incubated at 
65◦C for 1 h for elution, and the supernatant was transferred to fresh tubes. For cross-link reversal, eluates were incubated at 
65◦C overnight. DNA was purified using a Chromatin IP DNA Purification Kit. Enriched genomic regions were analyzed by quantitative 
PCR (qPCR) using locus-specific primers. ChIP signals were calculated as fold enrichment relative to IgG controls. The antibodies 
used in this study are detailed in the key resources table.
DNA-Protein binding assay and proteomic identification
Cells were seeded at a density of 4 x 105 cells per well into 6-well plates. Whole-cell lysates were prepared 72 h post-EMF exposure. 
Cells were washed 2 times with ice-cold phosphate-buffered saline (PBS) and lysed on ice for 30 min in buffer containing 10 mM Tris- 
HCl (pH 7.5), 1 mM EDTA, 5 mM MgCl2, 50 mM KCl, 1 mM DTT, and Xpert Protease Inhibitor Cocktail Solution. Lysates were centri­
fuged at 12,000 x g for 10 min at 4◦C. Protein concentration was determined via Bradford assay. The Lgr4 promoter locus (Ei element) 
was PCR-amplified and labeled with biotin at the 3’ end using a 3’ EndTag DNA labeling kit and Biotin Maleimide. Biotinylation was 
confirmed by streptavidin gel-shift assay. Protein extracts were incubated with biotinylated DNA in binding buffer (40 mM Tris-HCl pH 
7.5, 40 mM NaCl, 40 mM KCl, 10% glycerol, 2 mM EDTA, and 2 mM DTT) at 37◦C for 30 min. Dynabeads M-280 Streptavidin were 
added and incubated for 20 min at room temperature. Beads were collected using a magnetic stand and washed 3 times with binding 
buffer. Bound proteins were eluted by boiling in SDS sample buffer, resolved by SDS-PAGE, and stained with Coomassie Brilliant 
Blue. Specific protein bands were excised and analyzed via liquid chromatography–tandem mass spectrometry (LC–MS/MS) for 
identification.
RNA preparation and real-time qPCR
Total RNA extraction from cells and mouse tissues was conducted using the eCube Tissue RNA Mini Kit. RNA concentration was 
measured using a NanoDrop spectrophotometer. mRNA was reverse transcribed into cDNA using the RT PreMix. Transcript abun­
dance was measured through qPCR using the TOPreal SYBR Green qPCR PreMIX. Quantitative PCR analysis was performed in 
3 replicates using 1/50 of the reverse transcription reaction in an ABI Prism 7000 instrument.
Characterization and validation of spatiotemporal gene control using the Ei-GFP system
For the initial validation of the EMF-inducible gene switch, a green fluorescent protein (GFP) reporter system (Ei-GFP) was utilized. 
The Ei-GFP construct was packaged into lentiviral vectors for both in vitro and in vivo experiments to assess the induction kinetics 
and spatial precision of the EMF-driven gene activation.
In vitro validation of the Ei-GFP in cell lines
HEK293T cells and primary fibroblasts were transduced with Ei-GFP lentivirus at a multiplicity of infection (MOI) of 5. Transduced 
cells were subjected to EMF exposure (2.0 mT, 60 Hz) for various durations (0, 6, 12, 24, and 48 hours). GFP expression was moni­
tored using live-cell fluorescence imaging and quantified via flow cytometry. For the analysis of induction and decay kinetics, cells 
were exposed to cyclic EMF (12 h ON / 12 h OFF) and harvested at defined intervals. Total RNA was extracted for real-time qPCR 
analysis, and protein levels were measured by immunoblotting using an anti-GFP antibody. The antibodies used in this study are 
detailed in the key resources table.
ll
Cell 189, 1–16.e1–e12, May 28, 2026 
e7 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 25 ===
In vivo spatiotemporal induction of GFP expression
For systemic induction analysis, 8-week-old wild-type mice received a tail vein injection of Ei-GFP lentivirus (1 x 108 TU/mL). For local 
induction analysis, the virus was delivered via stereotaxic injection into specific regions of the motor cortex of the brain. Following a 
1-week recovery period, mice were exposed to continuous or cyclic EMF (3dON/4dOFF) using a specialized EMF generator. Tissues 
were harvested, fixed in 4% paraformaldehyde, and processed into 30 μm thick sections. GFP fluorescence was visualized using 
confocal microscopy, and the intensity was quantified across different tissues to evaluate the spatial specificity and induction effi­
ciency of the Ei gene switch.
In vivo partial reprogramming using the Ei-OSK system
In vivo partial reprogramming was performed using an Ei gene switch encoding factors Oct4, Sox2, and Klf4 (OSK). Lentiviruses 
encoding the Ei-OSK gene switch were systemically delivered to mice via tail vein injection, followed by exposure to EMF 
(2.0 mT, 60 Hz).
Applicability of the EMF-inducible gene switch in vivo
To test the applicability of the EMF-inducible gene switch in vivo, 6-month-old wild-type mice received a single tail vein injection of Ei- 
OSK lentivirus. Tail vein injections were performed under anesthesia with Avertin. Systemic delivery was performed using an insulin 
syringe equipped with a 30-gauge needle, with a total injection volume of 100–150 μL per mouse. Lentiviral preparations were admin­
istered at a titer of 1 × 10⁸ TU/mL, and the same dose was used for injection. Mice were monitored until full recovery from anesthesia.
In vivo partial reprogramming
For in vivo partial reprogramming in progeroid and naturally aged mice, Ei-OSK lentivirus was systemically administered at 4-week 
intervals in progeroid mice starting at 3 months of age for 3 months and in naturally aged mice starting at 20 months of age for 
4 months. Mice were exposed to cyclic EMF using a 3-day ON and 4-day OFF regimen throughout the treatment period. Mice 
were analyzed at 6 and 24 months of age, respectively. Liver, kidney, spleen, aorta, and skin were collected at the indicated end­
points for histological analysis, Western blotting, qRT–PCR, and immunofluorescence analyses.
Effects of long-term cyclic EMF exposure
To examine the effects of long-term cyclic EMF exposure following Ei-OSK delivery, Mice in the 2-cycle group received a single tail 
vein injection, whereas mice in the 20-cycle group received five tail vein injections over the exposure period. Metabolic homeostasis, 
including metabolic rate, physical activity, and circadian rhythms, was assessed using a metabolic cage system. Renal function was 
evaluated by measuring serum creatinine and blood urea nitrogen (BUN) levels. Systemic blood parameters were measured using 
automated hematological and biochemical analyzers. Liver, kidney, and spleen were collected from mice subjected to 20cycles 
of cyclic EMF exposure for histological analysis.
Neural stem cell analysis
10-month-old aged wild-type mice received stereotaxic injection of Ei-OSK lentivirus into the dentate gyrus of the hippocampus. Viral 
infection was performed bilaterally using stereotaxic coordinates relative to bregma (AP −2.18 mm, ML ±1.5 mm, DV −1.9 mm). A 
volume of 1.0 μL of lentiviral suspension at a titer of 1 × 10⁸ TU/mL was injected per site. Following viral injection, mice were exposed 
to cyclic EMF using a 3-day ON and 4-day OFF regimen for 1 month. After cyclic EMF exposure, brain tissues were collected, and 
neural stem cells in the dentate gyrus were analyzed by immunofluorescence staining.
In vivo skin injury rescue using the Ei-OSK system
For wound healing experiments, wild-type mice were subjected to an excisional dorsal skin wound model. Briefly, the dorsal skin was 
shaved and disinfected, and a full-thickness excisional wound was generated using a 5-mm biopsy punch. A single direct injection of 
Ei-OSK lentivirus was administered into the wound site. Mice were then exposed to cyclic EMF using a miniaturized EMF generator 
with a 3-day ON and 4-day OFF regimen. Wound tissues, including the surrounding skin, were collected at the indicated time points, 
including 14 days after injury, fixed in paraformaldehyde, and processed for histological analysis. For Sirius Red staining, paraffin- 
embedded sections were deparaffinized, rehydrated, and stained with Sirius Red solution to visualize collagen fibers, followed by 
washing in acidified water. Collagen deposition was quantified from Sirius Red–stained sections using image-based analysis.
In vivo modeling of Alzheimer’s disease using the Ei-APP system
Alzheimer’s disease modeling was performed using mutant APP transgenic mice (Ei-APPNL-G-F) expressing human amyloid precur­
sor protein (APP) harboring the Swedish (KM670/671NL), Arctic (E693G), and Beyreuther/Iberian (I716F) mutations under the control 
of an Ei element.
Confirmation of mutant APP expression
6-month-old Ei-APPNL-G-F mice were subjected to continuous EMF exposure for 1 week using a miniature EMF generator, while age- 
matched wild-type mice served as controls. For the comparison of induction efficiency against constitutive expression, 6-month-old 
APP knock-in mice (APPNL-G-F/NL-G-F) were analyzed in parallel with 6-month-old Ei-APPNL-G-F mice that received EMF exposure for 
3 months starting at 3 months of age. APP expression and processing were assessed via immunoblotting using antibodies against 
APP (22C11), APP/Aβ (6E10), CTFβ, and CTFα. The antibodies used in this study are detailed in the key resources table.
Age-dependent induction of Alzheimer’s disease phenotypes
EMF exposure was initiated in young (3 months old) and aged (20 months old) Ei-APPNL-G-F mice for a 3-month duration. Following 
the exposure period, brain tissues were collected for biochemical, histological, and behavioral analyses. Soluble and insoluble Aβ 
ll
e8 
Cell 189, 1–16.e1–e12, May 28, 2026 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 26 ===
40 and Aβ 42 fractions were quantified by ELISA, and Aβ plaque deposition in the cortex and hippocampus was analyzed via Aβ 42 
immunofluorescence and Thioflavin-T staining. Neuroinflammatory responses were evaluated by immunofluorescence staining for 
Gfap and Iba1, and inflammatory cytokines (TNF-alpha and IL-6) were measured by ELISA. Cognitive and behavioral performance 
was assessed using the Y-maze, contextual fear conditioning, and Morris water maze tests.
Restoration of serotonergic function using the sEi-Tph2 system
To restore serotonergic function through precise regulation of the Ei gene switch, a second-generation EMF-inducible gene switch 
(sEi) driving temporally controlled Tph2 expression was employed in the R439H tryptophan hydroxylase 2 knock-in (Tph2-KI) mouse 
model. A lentiviral vector encoding Tph2 under the control of the sEi system (sEi-Tph2) was used for all experiments. To validate the 
temporal regulation of Tph2 expression in vitro, fibroblasts transduced with sEi-Tph2 were subjected to cyclic EMF exposure (12 h 
ON / 12 h OFF). Cells were collected at defined time points during and after EMF exposure (0, 6, 12, 18, 24, and 30 h), and Tph2 mRNA 
expression levels were quantified by real-time qPCR. For in vivo experiments, sEi-Tph2 lentivirus was stereotaxically injected into the 
dorsal raphe nucleus (DRN) of 7-week-old Tph2-KI mice using the following coordinates relative to bregma: AP -4.59 mm, ML 0 mm, 
and DV -2.90 mm.
Validation of temporal Tph2 regulation and neuronal activity
Following viral delivery, 7-week-old Tph2-KI mice were subjected to either cyclic EMF (12 h ON / 12 h OFF) or continuous EMF (24 h 
ON) for 1 week. After completion of EMF exposure, brain tissues were collected for molecular, neurochemical, and histological an­
alyses. Tph2 expression in the DRN was assessed by real-time qPCR and immunofluorescence staining to quantify Tph2-positive 
cells. Neuronal activity in the DRN was evaluated by immunofluorescence staining for c-Fos, comparing the induction patterns be­
tween the cyclic and continuous exposure groups.
Measurement of 5-HT and 5-HIAA levels
Serotonin (5-HT) and 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5-HIAA) levels were measured in mouse brain tissues. Following dissection, inde­
pendent tissue samples of approximately 30 mg each were collected, rinsed in ice-cold PBS (pH 7.2), and weighed after removing 
residual blood with PBS-soaked filter paper. Tissues were homogenized in ice-cold PBS using Potter-Elvehjem tissue grinders. To 
disrupt cell membranes, samples were sonicated at 4◦C using a Fisherbrand Model 120 Sonic Dismembrator for 2 cycles of 30 s 
each. Homogenates were centrifuged at 5,000 rpm for 15 min, and the resulting supernatants were collected and stored at -70◦C 
until analysis. The quantification of 5-HT and 5-HIAA was performed using the 5-HT ELISA kit and the Mouse 5-HIAA ELISA Kit ac­
cording to the manufacturers’ instructions. Absorbance was measured at 450 nm using a VERSAmax Tunable Microplate Reader 
(Molecular Devices).
CRISPR/Cas9 library specification
A genome-scale pooled CRISPR-Cas9 screen was performed using the mouse GeCKOv2 sgRNA library.23,24 The library targets 
20,611 mouse genes with 6 sgRNAs per gene, provided as 2 separate libraries (A and B) containing 3 sgRNAs per gene each. 
Both libraries include 1,000 non-targeting control sgRNAs.
Lentivirus production and pooled sgRNA library packaging
Lentiviral particles carrying the pooled GeCKOv2 sgRNA library were produced in HEK293T cells. HEK293T cells were maintained in 
DMEM supplemented with 10% FBS and 1x penicillin-streptomycin-glutamine. 1 day prior to transfection, cells were seeded in 
15 cm culture plates at a density of 1.4 x 107cells per plate. 10 ug of pooled sgRNA library plasmid, 7.5 ug of psPAX2, and 5 ug 
of pMD2.G were diluted in Opti-MEM. Transfection was performed by adding 50 ul of Lipofectamine 3000 dropwise to the cells. Cul­
ture medium was replaced 6 h post-transfection with fresh growth medium (DMEM + 10% FBS + 1% BSA). Viral supernatants were 
collected at 60 h post-transfection, cleared by centrifugation at 3,000 rpm at 4◦C for 10 min, and filtered through a 0.45 μm pore-size 
membrane. Lentivirus was generated at a viral titer of 1 × 109 viral particles/mL
Genome-wide pooled CRISPR/Cas9 screening
Primary MEFs were isolated from Ei-GFP mouse (E12.5) embryos and subjected to EMF exposure for 2 days to induce GFP expres­
sion. Following the initial EMF exposure, the induced GFP-positive (Ei-GFP+) cell population was isolated via Beckman-Coulter 
CytoFLEX SRT cell sorter and re-plated to ensure the selection of EMF-responsive cells prior to library transduction. Cells were trans­
duced with the pooled lentiviral sgRNA library at a multiplicity of infection (MOI) of approximately 0.3. At 16 h post-transduction, the 
culture medium was replaced with fresh medium, and cells were maintained for 3 days. Cells were dissociated using TrypLE and 
resuspended in PBS. GFP-positive (Ei-GFP+) and GFP-negative (Ei-GFP-) cell populations were isolated using a Beckman-Coulter 
CytoFLEX SRT cell sorter, with fluorescence detected via the B525 channel. Gating strategies were established based on GFP in­
tensity. Genomic DNA was extracted from the sorted fractions using the Genomic DNA Purification Kit according to the manufac­
turer’s instructions.
Sequencing library preparation and high-throughput sequencing
Sequencing libraries were prepared using the TruSeq Nano DNA High Throughput Library Prep Kit (Illumina). Specifically, 100 ng of 
amplicon was end-repaired to generate 5’-phosphorylated, blunt-ended dsDNA molecules. The end-repaired amplicons underwent 
single ’A’ base addition and ligation of TruSeq DNA UD Indexing adapters. The products were purified and enriched via PCR to create 
the final DNA library. Libraries were quantified using KAPA Library Quantification kits and qualified using the TapeStation D1000 
ScreenTape. Indexed libraries were submitted to an Illumina NovaSeqX for paired-end (151 x 2 bp) sequencing.
ll
Cell 189, 1–16.e1–e12, May 28, 2026 
e9 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 27 ===
Bioinformatics analysis and gene identification
Sequencing reads were trimmed using Trimmomatic, and a unified reference library was constructed by merging and deduplicating 
Mouse GeCKO v2 libraries (A and B) using R. Processed reads were mapped to this reference, and read counts for each sgRNA were 
quantified using the count command in MAGeCK.25 sgRNA enrichment in the GFP-negative (GFP-) population relative to the GFP- 
positive (GFP+) control was analyzed, and significant genes were determined using the Robust Rank Aggregation (RRA) algorithm. 
Genes showing significant enrichment in the GFP- fraction were identified based on the RRA score.
FACS cytometry and cell sorting
Single-cell suspensions were prepared as described above, filtered through a 40-μm cell strainer, and resuspended in phosphate- 
buffered saline (PBS) at a concentration of 1 × 10⁶ cells/mL prior to sorting. Fluorescence-activated cell sorting was performed using 
a Beckman-Coulter CytoFLEX flow cytometer, with GFP fluorescence detected using the B525 channel (488-nm excitation laser, 
525/40 band-pass filter). Forward scatter (FSC) and side scatter (SSC) parameters were used to exclude dead cells, followed by 
doublet discrimination. Gating strategies were established based on unstained controls. Sorted cells were collected directly into 
collection tubes containing culture medium for downstream analyses.
Western blotting analysis
Mouse tissues and cells were homogenized in RIPA buffer supplemented with 1x Xpert Protease Inhibitor Cocktail Solution. Samples 
were centrifuged at 12,000 rpm for 10 min, and the supernatant was mixed with 5x SDS loading buffer followed by incubation at 
100◦C for 10 min. Protein extracts were separated by 5–12% SDS-PAGE and transferred onto nitrocellulose membranes. Mem­
branes were incubated overnight at 4◦C with the following primary antibodies: anti-Lgr4, anti-beta-actin, anti-GFP, anti-Oct4, 
anti-Sox2, anti-Klf4, anti-Progerin, anti-H3K9me3, anti-H4K20me3, anti-Histone H3, anti-Cleaved caspase-3, anti-APP, anti-beta- 
Amyloid, and anti-APP for CTFs. Antigen-antibody reactions were visualized using WESTSAVE Gold ECL. The antibodies used in 
this study are detailed in the key resources table.
Measurement of Aβ1-42 and Aβ1-40
Mouse brain samples were homogenized in 4 volumes of ice-cold TBS buffer [140 mM NaCl, 3 mM KCl, 25 mM Tris-HCl (pH 7.4), 
5 mM EDTA, 2 mM 1,10-phenanthroline, and Protease Inhibitor] using a Potter-Elvehjem (PE) homogenizer (20 strokes). TBS-soluble 
fractions were collected after centrifugation at 100,000 x g for 1 h at 4◦C. Pellets were resuspended in 4 volumes of 6.25 M GuHCl 
(50 mM Tris, pH 8.0), homogenized (20 strokes), and nutated for 2 h at room temperature. Following centrifugation at 20,800 x g for 
20 min at 4◦C, the GuHCl-soluble fraction was collected. Levels of Aβ 1-42 and Aβ 1-40 were quantified using IBL ELISA kits accord­
ing to the manufacturer’s instructions. Absorbance was measured at 450 nm using a VERSAmax Tunable Microplate Reader.
Thioflavin T (ThT) staining
ThT staining was performed to visualize amyloid-beta plaques in brain sections. Following behavioral analyses, mice were anesthe­
tized and transcardially perfused with 0.9% saline followed by ice-cold 4% Paraformaldehyde Solution. Brains were post-fixed over­
night in 4% PFA at 4◦C and cryoprotected in 30% sucrose for 48 h. Coronal hippocampal sections (35μm thickness; approximately 
-1.7 to -2.0 mm from bregma) were prepared using a cryostat. ThT was prepared as a 2 mM stock solution in distilled water and 
diluted to a 10 μM working concentration in 50% ethanol. Sections were incubated in the ThT solution for 7–15 min in the dark at 
room temperature. For differentiation, sections were sequentially immersed in 100%, 95%, and 90% ethanol for 10 s each, followed 
by PBS rinsing. Sections were washed 2 times with PBS, mounted, and imaged using a fluorescence microscope. The number and 
area of ThT-positive plaques were quantified using ImageJ.
Immunohistochemistry
Immunohistochemistry was conducted following established protocols. Primary antibodies were used at the dilutions specified in the 
key resources table: anti-Lgr4 (1:500), anti-GFP (1:500), anti-Tyrosine Hydroxylase (1:1000), anti-H3K9me3 (1:500), anti-Ki67 
(1:1000), anti-alpha-Smooth Muscle Actin (1:200), anti-p16INK4a (1:100), anti-beta-Amyloid 1-42 (1:1000), anti-Gfap (1:1000), and 
anti-Iba1 (1:100). Appropriate fluorescent Alexa Fluor 488 or Alexa Fluor 594 secondary antibodies and DAPI were utilized for visu­
alization. Images were acquired using a laser-scanning confocal microscope. The antibodies used in this study are detailed in the key 
resources table.
Isolation of ROSA26-LSL-Luc tail-tip fibroblasts
Tail-tip fibroblasts (TTF) were isolated from ROSA26-LSL-Luc mice using an explant-based culture method. Tail-tip tissues were 
collected under sterile conditions, washed with PBS, and minced into pieces of approximately 1–2 mm. The tissue fragments 
were plated onto culture dishes pre-coated with 0.1% gelatin and cultured in DMEM supplemented with 10% FBS and 1% 
Penicillin-Streptomycin. Cells were maintained at 37◦C in a humidified incubator with 5% CO2. Fibroblasts migrating from the tissue 
explants were expanded until reaching confluence, after which they were passaged using 0.25% trypsin-EDTA. All downstream ex­
periments were performed using cells at early passages (P1–P3) to preserve their physiological properties.
ll
e10 
Cell 189, 1–16.e1–e12, May 28, 2026 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 28 ===
Fluo-8 calcium influx, calcium oscillation amplitude
Live-cell Ca2+ imaging and acquisition
Mouse fibroblasts were used for cytosolic live Ca2+ imaging. Following EMF exposure, cells were incubated with Fluo-8 AM at a final 
concentration of 5 μM for 30 min at 37◦C, washed with pre-warmed imaging buffer, and allowed to undergo de-esterification prior to 
imaging. Live-cell Ca2+ imaging was performed using a laser-scanning confocal microscope at 37◦C in HEPES-buffered imaging me­
dium. Fluo-8 fluorescence was excited at 488 nm, and emission was collected between 520–620 nm. The pinhole was opened to 
maximize fluorescence signal collection and minimize photobleaching during long-term imaging. Time-lapse imaging was conducted 
in XY scanning mode for a total duration of 1,800 s (30 min). Images were acquired at a spatial resolution of 0.83 x 0.83 um per pixel, 
corresponding to a field of view of 425 x 425 um.
Cytosolic Ca2+ quantification and normalization
Cytosolic Ca2+ levels were quantified using region-of-interest (ROI)-based fluorescence analysis. The quantification procedure was 
based on previously established protocol.43–45 Briefly, ROIs were manually defined over the cytoplasmic region, and mean fluores­
cence intensity values were extracted from time-lapse image sequences using ZEN software. Changes in cytosolic Ca2+ levels were 
quantified using the signal-to-baseline ratio (SBR), also referred to as ΔF/F0 normalization. SBRt was calculated using the following 
equation:
SBRt = ΔFt
F0
= Ft −F0
F0 
where Ft represents the mean fluorescence intensity within the cytosolic ROI at a given time point. The baseline fluorescence (F0) was 
defined as the average fluorescence intensity within a +/- 10 s time window centered on the time point of interest. This local baseline 
normalization corrects for baseline variability and enables accurate representation of transient cytosolic Ca2+ influx dynamics. ΔF/F0 
values were plotted over time to characterize cytosolic Ca2+ oscillatory patterns.
Transcription factor binding site prediction
To identify potential transcription factors (TFs) binding to the target genomic region (Ei element), we performed a motif scan using the 
TFBSTools package in R and the pyjaspar library in Python. The JASPAR 2024 CORE collection was utilized as the reference data­
base. Candidate binding sites were identified by scanning the DNA sequence with a minimum similarity threshold of 80%. For visu­
alization, representative sequence logos were generated using the seqLogo and motifStack packages to illustrate the binding pref­
erences of the identified TFs.
Behavior test
Y-maze test
Spontaneous alternation behavior was assessed using a Y-maze apparatus consisting of 3 identical arms (35 cm long x 5 cm wide x 
15 cm high). Each mouse was placed at the center of the maze and allowed to explore all 3 arms for 10 min under low-light conditions. 
An arm entry was defined as the entry of all 4 paws into an arm. Both spontaneous alternation percentage (SAP) and same-arm re­
turns (SAR) were quantified. SAP was calculated as (number of alternations / (total arm entries - 2)) x 100. The total number of arm 
entries was recorded as an index of locomotor activity. The maze was cleaned with 70% ethanol between trials to eliminate olfac­
tory cues.
Contextual fear conditioning test
Contextual fear conditioning was performed in a conditioning chamber defined by specific visual, tactile, and olfactory features. Mice 
were placed in the chamber and allowed to explore the context for 180 s. Conditioning was induced by the delivery of a foot shock 
(0.7 mA, 2 s). To assess hippocampus-dependent contextual fear memory, mice were re-exposed to the same context in the absence 
of a foot shock. Contextual freezing was measured during a 180 s test session conducted 24 h after conditioning and repeated once 
daily for 3 consecutive days. Freezing behavior was quantified automatically and expressed as the percentage of time spent 
immobile.
Morris water maze test
The task was conducted in a circular pool with a submerged platform, and mouse behavior was recorded during 60 s trials. During the 
acquisition phase, mice were trained to locate the platform over 5 consecutive days with 3 trials per day. For the assessment of 
spatial memory, a probe test was performed 24 h after the final training session by removing the platform and allowing mice to 
swim freely for 60 s. During the probe trial, the time spent in each quadrant was recorded and analyzed.
Open field test
The open field test was performed to assess locomotor activity and anxiety-like behavior. The apparatus consisted of a square arena 
(40 x 40 x 40 cm) surrounded by opaque walls. Mice were placed in the center and allowed to explore for 10 min under low-light con­
ditions. Locomotor activity was evaluated by measuring total distance traveled, and anxiety-like behavior was assessed by quanti­
fying the time spent in the central area. Movement patterns were recorded and analyzed using EthoVision XT.
Three-chamber social interaction test
Social interaction was assessed using a three-chamber apparatus constructed of transparent Plexiglas with retractable doorways. 
Mice were habituated to the apparatus for 10 min with unrestricted access to all chambers. During the sociability phase, a stranger 
ll
Cell 189, 1–16.e1–e12, May 28, 2026 
e11 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 29 ===
mouse was placed under a wire cup in one side chamber, while an empty wire cup was placed in the opposite chamber. The test 
mouse was allowed to explore for 10 min. Interaction time was recorded and analyzed using EthoVision XT.
Tail suspension test
Depressive-like behavior was assessed using the tail suspension test. Mice were individually suspended by the tail using adhesive 
tape affixed approximately 1 cm from the tip. Each test session was conducted for 6 min. Immobility, defined as the absence of initi­
ated movements, was quantified for the total duration of the session.
Resident-intruder test
Aggressive behavior was assessed using the resident-intruder paradigm. Resident mice were individually housed for at least 7 days 
prior to testing. On the test day, an unfamiliar intruder mouse was introduced into the home cage for 10 min. Physical attacks, defined 
as direct biting or wrestling, were quantified and expressed as a percentage of the total test time.
Light-dark box test
Anxiety-like behavior was assessed using the light/dark box paradigm. The apparatus consisted of a dark and a brightly illuminated 
compartment connected by a small opening. Mice were placed in the dark compartment and allowed to explore for 5 min. The latency 
to fully enter the light chamber was measured in seconds.
Marble burying test
Repetitive and anxiety-related behavior was assessed using the marble burying test. Mice were habituated to a cage containing fresh 
bedding, after which glass marbles were evenly arranged on the surface. Mice were allowed to explore for 30 min. A marble was 
considered buried if more than 2/3 of its surface was covered. The number and percentage of buried marbles were quantified.
QUANTIFICATION AND STATISTICAL ANALYSIS
All experimental data were presented as the mean +/- SEM of at least 3 independent experiments. The n values represent the specific 
number of independent biological replicates or mice utilized for each experimental group. Statistical analyses were performed using 
GraphPad Prism (GraphPad). P-values were determined using Student’s t test, one-way ANOVA, or two-way ANOVA, followed by 
Tukey-Kramer, Sidak’s, or Dunnett’s multiple comparisons tests for post-hoc analysis. Statistical significance was defined based 
on the following: GP: 0.1234 (ns), < 0.0332 (*), < 0.0021 (**), < 0.0002 (***), < 0.0001 (****). (refer to individual figures for specific details). 
P-values less than 0.0021 were collectively represented with two asterisks (**) to denote a high level of significance. For longitudinal 
analysis of body weight progression, two-way ANOVA with Tukey’s multiple comparisons test was applied. Survival rates were 
analyzed using the Log-rank (Mantel-Cox) test for percent survival. Comprehensive statistical details for all experiments, including 
precise n values and specific tests used, are provided in the respective figure legends. All data collection and subsequent analyses 
were conducted in a randomized and blinded manner to ensure objectivity.
ll
e12 
Cell 189, 1–16.e1–e12, May 28, 2026 
Please cite this article in press as: Kim et al., Electromagnetic field-inducible in vivo gene switch for remote spatiotemporal control of gene 
expression, Cell (2026), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2026.03.029
Resource 


=== Page 30 ===
Supplemental figures 
(legend on next page)
ll
Resource 


=== Page 31 ===
Figure S1. Characterization of the Ei gene switch, related to Figure 1
(A) Schematic sine and square wave signals and bursts of pulsed EMFs. Pulsed-EMF signals were periodically repeated bursts consisting of 20 single-pulse 
repetitions at a certain frequency. 
(B) Uniform manifold approximation and projection (UMAP) plot of mouse brain single-cell RNA sequencing (scRNA-seq) data. UMAP visualization of cell 
clustering: astrocytes (ASTs), endothelial cells (ECs), oligodendrocytes (OLGs), microglia (MG), neuroblasts (NBs), Purkinje cells (PCs), and vascular and lep­
tomeningeal cells (VLMCs). 
(C) Heatmap showing the expression of differentially expressed genes for each cluster between control and EMF-exposed brain. Yellow indicates higher 
expression, and purple indicates lower expression. Clusters (top; colors as in Data S1.2). 
(D) Venn diagram of Gene Ontology classification. Positive regulation of response to stimulus (49 genes), response to external stimulus (50 genes), and positive 
regulation of signaling (44 genes). 
(E) Violin plots showing EMF-responsive gene expression across cell types in control (red) and EMF-exposed brain (blue). 
(F) Violin plots showing EMF-responsive gene expression in control (red) and EMF-exposed brain (blue). 
(G) Schematic of the in vitro EMF-inducible gene switch system. 
(H) Luciferase reporter assay for the promoter activity of EMF-responsive candidate genes (n = 3). 
(I) Luciferase reporter assay for various Ei element activities under no EMF conditions (n = 3). 
(J) Luciferase reporter assay for pLgr4-450 bp (Ei)-luciferase activity in fibroblasts, NIH/3T3, neurons, astrocytes, and cardiomyocytes (n = 3). 
(K) Schematic of Rosa26-LoxP-STOP-LoxP (LSL)-luciferase (LSL-Luc/+) fibroblasts infected with Ei-Cre and exposed to EMF. 
(L) Time course luciferase activity measurement in Ei-Cre-infected LSL-Luc/+ fibroblasts at 0, 6, 12, 24, and 48 h post EMF exposure (n = 3). 
(M) Luciferase activity in Ei-Cre-infected LSL-Luc/+ fibroblasts after EMF ON (3 days), compared with control (Scr-Cre) (n = 3). 
(N) Luciferase assay of +/+ and LSL-Luc/+ fibroblasts at indicated days after Ei-Cre infection without EMF exposure (n = 3). All quantified data represent mean ± 
SEM. Statistical significance was determined by one-way (N) or two-way (J, L, and M) ANOVA.
ll
Resource 


=== Page 32 ===
(legend on next page)
ll
Resource 


=== Page 33 ===
Figure S2. Effects of Lgr4 downstream signaling by Ei gene switch, related to Figure 1
(A) Western blot analysis and quantification of Wnt/β-catenin pathway proteins (epidermal growth factor receptor [EGFR], β-catenin, pCREB, and lamin A/C) in 
brain, liver, and kidney tissues from control and EMF-exposed mice (n = 3). 
(B) Western blot analysis and quantification of Notch-Hes1 signaling pathway proteins (Notch, Hes1) in brain, liver, and kidney tissues from control and EMF- 
exposed mice (n = 3). 
(C) Real-time qPCR analysis of cancer-associated gene expression in liver and kidney from EMF-exposed and control mice (n = 3). 
(D) Real-time qPCR analysis of Wnt/β-catenin target genes in fibroblasts under EMF ON, EMF OFF, and RSPO1 (50 ng/mL) treatment conditions (n = 3). 
(E) Western blot analysis of β-catenin and Lef1 protein expression in fibroblasts treated with DMSO or RSPO1 (50 ng/mL) under control or EMF exposure 
conditions. 
(F) Real-time qPCR analysis of Wnt/β-catenin target genes in fibroblasts under EMF ON, EMF OFF, and RSPO3 (50 ng/mL) treatment conditions (n = 3). 
(G) Western blot analysis of fibroblasts treated with DMSO or RSPO3 (50 ng/mL) under EMF conditions, showing expression of β-catenin and Lef1 proteins (n = 3). 
(H) Real-time qPCR analysis of Wnt/β-catenin target genes in fibroblasts treated with DMSO or RSPO1 (0.05 or 50 ng/mL) under control or EMF exposure (n = 3). 
(I) Real-time qPCR analysis of Wnt/β-catenin target genes in fibroblasts treated with DMSO or RSPO3 (0.05 or 50 ng/mL) under control or EMF exposure (n = 3). 
(J) Western blot analysis of phosphorylated and total ERK, p38, and JNK in skin fibroblasts exposed to EMF ON for 5 days compared with untreated controls. 
Quantification of relative protein levels (p-ERK/ERK, p-p38/p38, p-JNK/JNK) is shown (right) (n = 3). All quantified data represent mean ± SEM. Statistical 
significance was determined by a two-tailed Student’s t test (A, B, and J) or a one-way (C) or two-way (D, F, H, and I) ANOVA.
ll
Resource 


=== Page 34 ===
Figure S3. Spatiotemporal gene expression of the Ei gene switch, related to Figure 2
(A) Schematic diagram of EMF exposure for postnatal Ei-GFP mice using EMF. Mice were exposed to EMF for 3 days of EMF ON followed by 3 days of EMF OFF. 
Figure 2G images were captured on day 6 of the experiment. 
(B) Schematic diagram of EMF exposure for adult Ei-GFP mice. Mice were exposed to EMF for 7 days, followed by 3 days of EMF OFF. Tissues for Figure 2H data 
were prepared on day 10 of the experiment. 
(legend continued on next page) 
ll
Resource 


=== Page 35 ===
(C) Bar chart shows the quantification of GFP+ cells for Figure 2H (n = 3). 
(D) Bar chart shows the quantification of the band intensity of GFP normalized to β-actin for Figure 2I (n = 3). 
(E) Pictures of the main device and accessories of a miniaturized EMF coil and generator used for EMF exposure of localized anatomical regions. EMF intensities 
and frequencies are controllable through the generator. 
(F) Bar chart shows the quantification of the band intensity of GFP normalized to β-actin for Figure 2K (n = 3). 
(G) Real-time qPCR analysis of GFP in different surrounding regions of mice subjected to localized EMF stimulation compared with untreated controls. Cranial 
region: brain and ear skin; thoracic region: heart and aorta; abdominal region: kidney and small intestine; and pelvic region: muscle and large intestine (n = 3). 
(H) Schematic image of lentiviral infection of Ei-DIO-GFP in the midbrain of Dat-Cre mice (left) and the cortex of Gfap-Cre mice (right). 
(I) Schematic of Ei-GFP construct and representative fluorescence images of human fibroblasts transduced with Scr-GFP or Ei-GFP under EMF. GFP (green) and 
DAPI (blue) are shown at day 0, day 3 (EMF ON), and day 7 (after 4 days of EMF OFF). Scale bar, 50 μm. 
(J–L) Western blot analysis of GFP and quantification of band intensity in human fibroblasts, human NSCs, and 293T cells transduced with Ei-GFP, respectively. 
Protein was collected at 0, 1, 2, and 3 days during EMF ON and after subsequent EMF OFF (n = 3). All quantified data represent mean ± SEM. Statistical 
significance was determined by one-way (D and J–L) or two-way (C and F) ANOVA.
ll
Resource 


=== Page 36 ===
Figure S4. Mechanisms of EMF-induced Ei activation via Cyb5b, Ca2⁺ oscillations, and Sp7, related to Figure 3
(A) Differential-abundance rank plot. All sgRNAs were ordered by the difference in log₂ counts (GFP⁻ −
GFP⁺). Positive values indicate enrichment in the GFP⁻ 
fraction, whereas negative values indicate relative enrichment in GFP⁺ cells. The top 10 GFP⁻-enriched sgRNAs are highlighted and annotated by their target 
genes. 
(legend continued on next page) 
ll
Resource 


=== Page 37 ===
(B) Gene-level enrichment analysis by MAGeCK robust rank aggregation (RRA). The y axis shows −log(RRA score), where higher values indicate stronger, 
concordant enrichment of multiple sgRNAs targeting the same gene in the GFP⁻ fraction. Top candidate genes are highlighted. 
(C) Schematic illustration showing Ei-GFP fibroblasts subjected to sgRNA-Cas9-mediated Cyb5b KO, followed by lentiviral Cyb5b OE under EMF exposure. 
(D) Luminescence analysis of Ei-luciferase-transduced fibroblasts in control, Cyb5b KO after EMF ON and subsequent OFF (left), and Cyb5b OE conditions in 
Cyb5b KO fibroblasts after EMF ON and subsequent OFF (right). Time course measurements of luminescence were performed up to 120 h (n = 3). 
(E) Fluorescence intensity traces of Fluo-8 AM-loaded fibroblasts under different physical stimuli, including EMF, ionophore, ionomycin, blue light, heat, magnetic 
fields, and ultrasound. 
(F) Quantification of total mean Fluo-8 fluorescence intensity across groups during 300 s (n = 10). 
(G) Real-time Ca2+ traces (ΔF/F0) for heat and ultrasound stimulation. 
(H) Real-time qPCR analysis of endogenous Lgr4 mRNA in fibroblasts under EMF or alternative stimuli (ionophore, ionomycin, blue light, heat, magnetic fields, 
ultrasound, and control) (n = 3). 
(I) Luciferase reporter activity in Ei-luciferase-transfected fibroblasts subjected to EMF ON for 2 days followed by EMF OFF for 2 days, compared with controls 
and other physical stimuli (n = 3). 
(J) Real-time Ca2+ oscillation amplitude (ΔF/F0) traces in fibroblasts transfected with shControl, shCacna1c, or shCacna1f under control and EMF exposure 
conditions. 
(K and L) GO enrichment analysis of predicted Ei element-binding transcription factors, including categories related to biological processes (K) and molecular 
functions (L). 
(M) Schematic depicting the method for capturing the Ei-binding transcription factors. The Ei is incubated in EMF-exposed cell lysates to allow Ei-binding proteins 
to interact with the element. Biotin-conjugated Ei-binding protein complexes were isolated by streptavidin-coated magnetic beads and separated by sodium 
dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide-gel electrophoresis (SDS-PAGE). The components are separated by SDS-PAGE, and the Ei-binding proteins are identified by 
mass spectrometry (left). Quantification analysis of transcription factors that bound to the Ei element after EMF exposure (right). 
(N) Western blot analysis of Lgr4 in fibroblasts transduced with control shRNA (shCtrl) or Sp7-targeting shRNA (shSp7) under control and EMF exposure. 
(O) Luciferase reporter assay for Ei-luciferase activity in fibroblasts treated with shKdm4a, shLrrfip1, and shPolr1c under time course EMF ON and subsequent 
OFF (n = 3). 
(P) Western blot analysis of Sp7 in Ei-GFP⁺ and Ei-GFP⁻ cells isolated from skin, spleen, kidney, and liver. Quantification of Sp7 band intensity in Ei-GFP⁺ cells 
compared with Ei-GFP⁻ cells from the indicated tissues (n = 3). 
(Q) Western blot analysis of GFP expression in Ei-GFP-transfected fibroblasts under EMF exposure or RSPO1 treatment. 
(R) Western blot analysis of GFP expression in Ei-GFP-transfected fibroblasts under EMF exposure or BMP2 treatment. All quantified data represent mean ± 
SEM. Statistical significance was determined by one-way (F and H) or two-way (D, I, O, and P) ANOVA.
ll
Resource 


=== Page 38 ===
Figure S5. Regimen optimization and histological analysis of Ei-OSK-mediated in vivo partial reprogramming, related to Figure 4
(A) Real-time qPCR analysis of OSK expression in spleen, kidney, skin, aorta, lung, and muscle tissues from Scr-OSK- and Ei-OSK-transduced mice after 3 days 
of EMF exposure (n = 6). 
(B) Experimental design of EMF exposure regimens for Ei-OSK mice, including 1–6 days of EMF ON followed by 6–1 days OFF cycles for 7 days. 
(legend continued on next page) 
ll
Resource 


=== Page 39 ===
(C and D) Survival rates (C) and body weights (D) of Ei-OSK mice subjected to different EMF ON/OFF cycles (1dON/6dOFF, n = 6; 2dON/5dOFF, n = 8; 3dON/ 
4dOFF, n = 6; 4dON/3dOFF, n = 8; 5dON/2dOFF, n = 6; 6dON/1dOFF, n = 6; 7dON, n = 6). 
(E) Experimental design for Ei-OSK-treated aged (20-month-old) WT mice via cyclic EMF exposure (3 days ON/4 days OFF) for 120 days. Saline and Ei-OSK 
controls were included. 
(F) Representative images of aged mice from each treatment group (saline, Ei-GFP, Ei-OSK, and Ei-OSK + cyclic EMF). 
(G and H) Survival rates and body weight progression of aged mice administered saline or Ei-OSK with or without cyclic EMF exposure (control + saline, n = 7; 
cyclic EMF + saline, n = 8; control + Ei-OSK, n = 8; cyclic EMF + Ei-OSK, n = 8). 
(I) H&E staining of aortic tissues from young and aged mice in Ei-GFP with saline, Ei-OSK (no EMF), and Ei-OSK (cyclic EMF exposure) groups. Quantification of 
adventitial thickness (left) and adventitia/media ratio (right) is shown (n = 3). 
(J) IF staining of α-SMA (green) and DAPI (blue) in aortic sections from WT (6-month-old) and progeroid (6-month-old) mice administered Ei-OSK with or without 
cyclic EMF exposure. Representative images of α-SMA signals are shown (left). Quantification of α-SMA-positive cells (center) and total DAPI-positive cells (right) 
in the aortic wall is presented (n = 6). 
(K) IF staining of the Ei-OSK-transduced aged mice aorta stained with α-SMA (green) and DAPI (blue) (left). Quantification of the α-SMA+ and DAPI+ cells (right) 
(n = 6). 
(L and M) Histological analysis of the liver, kidney, spleen, and skin from Ei-OSK-transduced WT (6-month-old) and progeroid (6-month-old) mice (L) and aged 
(24-month-old) mice (M). Tissues were stained with H&E (n = 3). 
(N) Real-time qPCR analysis of the senescence-associated genes in the liver and kidney of Ei-OSK-transduced aged (24-month-old) mice under cyclic EMF 
exposure (n = 3). 
(O) Western blot analysis of OSK, H3K9me3, H3K4me3, and cleaved caspase-3 in the liver of Ei-OSK-transduced young (6-month-old) and aged (24-month-old) 
mice after cyclic EMF exposure for 20 cycles. 
(P) IF staining of the Ei-OSK-transduced aged (24-month-old) mice in liver stained with p16INK4a (green) and DAPI (blue) after cyclic EMF exposure for 20 cycles 
(left). Scale bar: 50 μm. Quantification of the p16INK4a+ cells (right). 
(Q) Schematic of cyclic EMF exposure for 30 days (3 days ON/4 days OFF) in 10-month-old WT mice injected with Ei-OSK in hippocampal dentate gyrus. 
(R) IF staining of Gfap⁺ Sox2⁺ NSCs and Dcx⁺ Psa-ncam⁺ NBs in DG of Ei-OSK mice under control and cyclic EMF exposure. Quantification of NSCs and NBs cell 
population is shown at right (n = 6). All quantified data represent mean ± SEM. Statistical significance was determined by a two-tailed Student’s t test (K, M, and 
R), Log-rank test (C and G) or one-way (P) or two-way (A, D, I, J, L, and N) ANOVA.
ll
Resource 


=== Page 40 ===
Figure S6. Age-dependent AD modeling via the Ei-APPNL-G-F system, related to Figure 5
(A) Schematic depicting the generation of Ei-APPNL-G-F mice for AD modeling. 
(B) ThT staining of Aβ plaques after EMF exposure in the Ei-APPNL-G-F mice hippocampal region under control conditions or after 1, 2, and 3 months of EMF 
exposure. 
(C) The levels of tumor necrosis factor α (TNF-α) and interleukin (IL)-6 were measured by ELISA in young and aged Ei-APPNL-G-F mice under EMF exposure (n = 6). 
(D) IF analysis of astrocytes (Gfap, red), microglia (Iba1, blue), and amyloid plaques (Aβ42, green) in the Hp of WT, APPNL-G-F KI mice, and Ei-APPNL-G-F mice 
(n = 3). 
(E) Morris water maze test of aged Ei-APPNL-G-F mice after 3 months of EMF exposure, compared with WT and APPNL-G-F (12-month-old) mice. Representative 
heatmaps from the Morris water maze probe test showing time spent in each quadrant (top). Quantification of time spent in each quadrant (bottom) (n = 6 per 
group). All quantified data represent mean ± SEM. Statistical significance was determined by one-way (D, H, K, and L) or two-way (B, C, E, and F) ANOVA.
ll
Resource 
